Makefile: ensure bash is used instead of /bin/sh (#1004)
fix base branch in the pull-request command (#1003)
Update docs for git abort change (#1000)
Bump version to 6.6.0-dev (#997)
Version 6.5.0
git root: show '.' when using with -r in the root dir (#995)
git standup: work as expected when no configured (#996)
rephrase question depending on switch (#984)
Include revert conflicts in git abort (#992)
fix(git-effort):fork: retry: Resource temporarily unavailable #979 (#990)
git-sync --force will sync without interaction (#989)
fix(git-cp): keep the history of the files
git-bulk: previous refactor redirected $PWD to stderr by mistake
Minor changes to man/git-standup.md
Replaced -g and -A with -F gpg|authordate
fix(bin/git-browse): fix commit hash
fix(bin/git-browse): fix bitbucket url
feat: open website at file & line number or range
#970 standup added -A flag for author date
update docs due to formatting error in git-utimes man page
update per shellcheck advice
update git-utimes.{1,html} to add --newer flag
Don't read git-extras.standup.implicit-week twice in git standup
quote mod_s and git_s integer vars
updates per request of spacewander
Update Commands.md
allow modification date updates for symbolic links
add --newer flag and ignore files in the working tree or index
Documented config git-extras.standup.implicit-week
Minor change to git standup -w documentation
Improved check if -w or -d was given to git standup
Renamed config git-extras.standup.implicit-week from git-extras.standup-implicit-week
Documented weekend behaviour of git standup -w
docs(instllation): replace `git.io`
Bump version to 6.5.0-dev
Added config git-extras.standup-implicit-week for git standup
Document git standup -w option
Version 6.4.0
git-browse/browse-ci: use powershell.exe only when it is available
git-release: Add prefix to semver
fix: fix stderr & stdout redirect
git-ignore-io: make sure .gi_list is created before access
git-ignore: the directory of target file may not exist
fix(git-browse-ci): set pipefail
docs: fix docs
chore: update docs & completions
feat: implement git-browse-ci
quiet option, errors to stderr
Removed xargs from git-effort
Highlight path option more
Updated manual for git local-commits, must track a branch
Made local-commits work with all remotes
Updated Readme.md after review
Added section about main branch to the Readme file
Clarified comment of when newline should be added
Updated git-extras manual after review.
git-ignore: ensure new patterns comes after a newline
Spell corr in git-unlock synopsis
Consider init.defaultBranch in git_extra_default_branch, changed default branch to main.
doc: add packaging status
Ignored error when git restore --staged fails when there is no commit
Added git-magic command
Bump version to 6.4.0-dev
Version 6.3.0
git-delete-squashed-branches: fail fast if can't checkout
git-clear: add force option
Adopted git --dedup-by-email to the project coding style
summary --dedup-by-email now compares email adresses case insensitive.
Updated lines under Synopsis in the manuals so they are commonly formatted
Add incompability check for git summary --line --no-merges, split synopsis in its manual.
fix git (un)lock with spaced filenames
Updated completion for git summary
Updated documentation for git-summary --no-merges
Added option --no-merges to git summary
git-summary: support filtering `--line` with path
Add git-abort
Update point to github docs for forks from API
update working
git-fork | Update man/md/html pages to talk about need of the github personal access token
Updated documentation (AUTHORS)
bin/git-fork | updating for feedback from PR #928
git-fork | update to match REST-API auth standards as of 2021-06
Update install doc: Homebrew is not just for macOS
delete-squashed-branches: Make side-effect clear in docs
delete-squashed-branches: Make branch checkout side effect clear
Add delete-squashed-branches command
Picture is broken
Ignore checked-out branches on different worktrees
Bump version to 6.3.0-dev
doc: Remove man page for git-line-summary
Version 6.2.0
fix(git-utimes): make sure it work under OS X.
chore: fix typo
fix(git-ignore): use $XDG_CONFIG_HOME only when it is defined
fixed small error
Correct macOS spelling
Correct openSUSE spelling and update Version
Update zinit docs
Remove bug|refactor|chore from documentation
git-summary: reject invalid option
ci: use checkout@v2
ci: move to GitHub Action
fix: zsh completion of git-coauthor command
doc: add the usage of the parameter `--from` for create-branch and feature
feat(feature): checkout from start point if exists
feat(create-branch): add optional --from to set the start point
[ fix #891 ] Cast branch output if HEAD not exists
[ feat ] Quote the default_path var
[ fix ] Quote env var
[ fix ] Quote the XDG_CACHE_HOME
[ feat ] Use default global ignore file
[ refactor ] Optimize var not existing check
[ feat ] Add XDG_CACHE_HOME check
adding a format for git-contrib
git-utimes: Change files modification time to their last commit date
feat(delete-tag): get default remote from git config if exists
squash help: re-ran make for extras and squash
squash help: ran make man/git-extras.{html,1}
squash help: ran make man/git-squash.{html,1}
squash help: corrects option name in PR
Updates git-squash.md: fixes help which was unclear and had remnants from copied template it appears
Bump version to 6.2.0-dev
Version 6.1.0
git-info: fix regex for bsd sed
feat: pass origin argument down to git execution
change: migrate default branch
doc: fix typo
git-back: removed
fix typo
sort completion in alphabetical order
remove incorrect completion
git-info: add zsh completion
doc: fix argument description
git-info: moved argument checking
git-info: fix namespace
doc: update derived git-info files
doc: add description for git-info
Add bash completion for git-info
git-info: colorized headers
git-info: extend configuration and commit information
git-info: remove notes about git-log, git-show
git-info: add info about submodules
git-info: fix indentation, remove comment
Grammar correction
Remove $user
corrections
Update doc
fix config message name
Remove comments
PR test
implement fish completions file
feat(browse): automatically select origin remote if one exists, fallback to first otherwise
fix(browse): update sed pattern to work on mac
Bump version to 6.1.0-dev
Version 6.0.0
doc: remove gitter
git-cp: remove trailing space
Tighten numeric regex
Cleanup code
Modify to work when only a single commit, add parameter checks
Correct undo documentation to match code order of parameters
docs: Note flag for git extra --version
doc: add a note about the package maintainer.
break change: remove docs and other stuff of git-feature's alias
Remove scripts that are mere alias wrappers for git-feature
docs: mention installation via FreeBSD pkg
git-archive-file: rename invalid chars in the output filename
add a default for the remote to fetch a pr from
add a config setting for prefix
update zsh completion for bug and refactor commands
updated zsh completion script
updated git-feature documentation
add squash option to git-feature
add squash option to git-feature
Simplify the code.
Signal if the destination already exists.
@spacewander review.
Update man page export for git-psykorebase with ronn-ng 0.9.0
@mschneiderwind review.
Add documentation.
Add first version of git-cp
Implement suggested changes from code review
Add git-browse command
change: deprecate git-back
git-sed: limit paths via pathspec
Bump version to 5.2.0-dev.
Version 5.1.0
git-bulk: support cloning from a relative path
git-standuo: clarify the -a option
git-paste: check pastebinit before running it
git-coauthor: quote variable in the comparison
git-bulk: don't disappoint shellcheck
git-sed: escape special characters for tr
build: do not require the nonstandard and unpredictable 'which' utility
add repositories to workspace from source (#804)
read COMMANDS_WIHOUT_REPO from not_need_git_repo file
git-ignore: support non-default .git directory
retire the msysgit installation script
git-bulk: line break is need in the SYNOPSIS doc section
fix bug in allowedargcount() to not execute command if wrong args count
git-delete-submodule: don't remove the history of deleted submodule
Add flags -s and -u for signed tags
git-squash: miss completion script change
git-squash: clean up shellcheck warnings
git-squash: add --squash-messages to concat commit messages into one.
git-standup: add option to limit the number of commit
git-delete-submodule: comment the DUMMY prefix and ignore the output of grep -v.
git-standup: add separate newline between the output
add PR changes
add --force option to continue on error
improve readability
display git submodule status output before exiting
check git submodule status before declaring success
reorganize flow
delete empty .gitmodules
git-standup: add option '-B' to group the commits by branch
git-summary: clean up other shellcheck warnings
git-summary: fix incorrect active days when commits range is given
git-summary: remove useless result function.
git-summary: add --dedup-by-email to remove duplicate users
git-summary: add missing example of --line option
Use GIT_DIR environment variable to to set .git directory
Docs: add OpenSUSE distribution information
git-effort: adjust column limit according to the paths
Regenerate docs
Add git-paste for sending patches to pastebin
Switch from using /tmp to using mktemp
Switch http URLs to https where possible
docs(Installation): :memo: add src in zplugin ice modifier to source the completion file
git-pr: mention the limitation of -m option
Add conditional logic for linebreaks
Ensure arguments exist
Add git coauthor command
improve the quality of the integrity check.
Bump version to 5.1.0-dev.
Link to the contributing document
Version 5.0.0
git-line-summary: should be the history
git-guilt: protect against encoding issues with LC_ALL=C
git-rename-branch: change branch argument order
Makefile: check dependencies before installation.
Installation.md: add dependencies section.
man/Readme.md: we don't need to update git-extras docs separately
check_integrity.sh: check more strickly.
implements remote pref for create-branch
git-pr: add -m|--merge option to check out a merge commit
impl for checking remote pref
git-fork: prompt for password before 2FA code.
check_integrity.sh: improve readability.
GH-752 updated documentation to show rename workaround
git-mv-remote: rename a remote regardless of any existing remotes
Installation instructions added for CRUX (#746)
git-guilt: avoid exceeding 80 columns.
Bump version to 4.8.0-dev.
Version 4.7.0
git-pr: emphasized that the remote is required when pulling multiple PRs.
git-pr: accpeted multiple GitHub URL or ID with remote.
git-pr: added <[remote]:pr number> option.
doc: clarify the current working directory when building the docs.
feat: Add -s(--soft) for git sync
Adding support for symlink directories in bulk command
git-standup: ensure color usage
misc: sort command list in alphabetical order
git-force-clone: should not need git repo
install.cmd: tweak comments
git-rename-branch: Don't fail if remote doesn't exist
Make `git undo -s` restore the staging area
Bump version to 4.7.0-dev.
Version 4.6.0
Makefile: change the installed manpage destination in FreeBSD (#725)
git-changelog: should remove ^0 suffix from the commit description.
git-changelog: add --start-commit option, like --start-tag but for commit
git-changelog: add missing newline to the plain output
optimisation of mkdir
Ensure info dir exists
add: git-ignore -p (private to repo)
Added Arch Linux
Documentation rebuild: git-sed.* flags argument
Documentation rebuild: git-clear.html whitespace removal
Documentation rebuild: git-extras.* updates
Documentation rebuild: index.txt updates
Documentation rebuild: dates and headers
Remove one of the documentation building tools
Remove some trailing whitespace
Major/Minor release should reset minor/patch versions to 0
git-sed: fix previous bsd sed workaround
git-sed: detect sed -i support and work around for the BSD sed
git-sed: discover a separator when the / character is used in arguments
git-sed: pass the -r option to the xargs command
git-sed: Allow the flags to be passed as a third argument
Remove double path delimiters in zsh description
Installation.md: Zsh-plugin method which doesn't require root access
Bump version to 4.6.0-dev.
Version 4.5.0
git-release: show message if nothing given after --semver
doc: update git-extras index
git-release: add --no-empty-commit for empty commit hater
git-release: create an empty release commit if there is nothing to commit
git-summary: unescape tab for linux column utility
git-undo: add confirmation when `-h` is specified
Remove trailing dot of German Windows
feat(git-release): push tags first to help ci tools not miss them
git-release: handle extra non-numeric prefix in tag with --semver
git-release: add --semver option
git-release: function usage doesn't exist, ignore unknown argument instead
Preserve the existing user_commands in the git completion system
Mention how to control changelog format in docs of git-changelog
Docs> Add -- in front of cmd for git log
git-effort: restore normal (visible) cursor properly
Add GitHub two-factor auth support to git-pull-request
Added Nix/NixOS method of installation
Use local variables & format strings
Remove arbitrary column limit on ignore-io
install: submit brew patch to upstream
Bump version to 4.5.0-dev.
Version 4.4.0
install: display absolute path of zsh completion script
zsh: update completion of git bug|chore|feature|refactor|create-branch
git summary: use more common way to cd to top level directory
Update man page for `create-branch`
Update man pages
Update docs for new behavior
Use "$@" instead of $@
Consolidate feature/bug/chore/refactor logic
Allow -r parameter to be in any order in command line
Add ability to specify a remote
fix a wrong name in installation message
Added git-bulk to not_need_git_repo
fix various typos
Add git-mr to checkout GitLab merge requests
git-delete-merged-branches: replace xargs -r option
Bump version to 4.4.0-dev.
 Version 4.3.0
git-authors: remove trailing spaces
git-release: add pre-release failure message
git release: stop if pre-release hook fails
git-release: update docs
pass release arguments to pre/post-release scripts
git-fork: Let curl exit with error code on fail
Add BSD cat support
git-standup: update zsh completion
git-standup: also update the docs
git-standup: add sanity check to -d option and overwrite -w option
git-standup: upgrade interface to catch up with kamranahmedse/git-standup
Typos again
Corrected repository location print out and docs ws-root-directory absolute path
Codereview Spacewander - whitespaces in workspace locations
Review from spacewander
Remove slashes from git-config command
git-rename-branch: use detected upstream remote
git-pull-request: use detected upstream remote
git-delete-branch: avoid deleting local upstream
Better behaviour in non workspace directories
Current workspace is default target of bulk operations
Even shorter
Code refactor
bug fix in single ws mode
code formatting
New Command git-bulk initial commit
fix syntax & name variables better in rename-branch
taken out duplicate columns setting
Optimized file length calculation
Columns in git-effort adopt to file length
Add RHEL/CentOS installation
fall back to EMAIL when user.email is not configured
Check commit existed before running some commands
Adds SSH prompt to git fork
use U+266A instead of comma as separator
fix git-extras update and tweak Windows detection
stamp: show real looking results in Commands.md doc
stamp: add warning in documentation about corner case
stamp: add zsh autocompletion
stamp: remove non used multiple lines error messages
stamp: the message consists in all terms after the identifier
stamp: identifier is case insensitive for the replacement
stamp: add to Commands doc
stamp: add manual
stamp: add bash autocompletion
stamp: add replace option
stamp: display new full message as result
stamp: add extra optional message parameter
stamp: add basic script
git-clear-soft: change default yes/no option to "no" (as with git-clear)
git-delete-merged-branches: use "xargs -r" to prevent error when there are no branches to delete
git-sed: use "git grep -z" and "xargs -0" to cope with spaces in filenames
git-fresh-branch: fix handling of 'yes' response when there are changes
git-{clear,clear-soft,sync}: improve yes/no prompts
git-sed: fix 'unkonwn' typo
Commands.md: add link to 'git summary' in 'git line-summary' documentation
Commands.md: add links to "git bug", etc. to index
Commands.md: add 'git rscp' link to 'git scp' documentation
Commands.md: put commands in alphabetical order
fix: git-squash docs. Replaced 'actual' with 'current'
Add travis ci
show all commit messages if no tag found
strip out branches like trap-effort-signals
Add git-reauthor to completion script
Relax #! format check
Be explicit about only resetting git directories
Use LC_ALL=C for locale consistency
Remove unnecessary check
git-force-clone
Need to remove the temp file regardless
Spelling fixes for the roon file and html files
Spelling fixes
Add --no-email to git-author
Bump version to 4.3.0-dev.
Version 4.2.0
remove contributors' email addresses to avoid #544
promote two maintainers
fixes #583
update docs to clarify rename-branch (#581)
count: remove usage of extra arguments for detailed display
Make git-pr set up branch for pulling (#570)
add link to ronn git repo (#575)
add rename-branch command (#576)
git-repl: improve and clean up docs
Add 'exit' to git-repl command documentation
Add built in 'exit' command to git-repl
pull-request: should read local config if present
git-release: fix typo in documentation
Update git-fork man page
Remove a non-contributor from AUTHORS
Update docs to reflect new git-fork behaviour
Set fork remotes using ssh if available
Add git reauthor (#548)
modify CONTRIBUTING.md again
Clean up git-pull-request
Improve JSON encoding
add doc for git-pull-request and others
modify CONTRIBUTING.md
update check_integrity with nicolaiskogheim's patch
add git-release-patch to Commands.md
add git-back to Commands.md
regenerate git-obliterate doc
follow common shebang
add git-show-(un)merged-branches to Commands.md
Add check integrity script
Add contributing guideline
fork: Fetch `origin` after forking
fork: Quote refs by backtick rather than single quote
fork: Add git-fork.html removed by accident
fork: Describe the behavior if current dir is repo
fork: Rename 'origin' to 'upstream' after forking
fork: Fork 'origin' remote repo if repo is not given
submit zsh completion script to upstream
update the title of git-clear-soft
Add note about overwriting git aliases
fix git-fork by removing '.git'
fix the support for forking via ssh
update documentation. fix "git ignore-io" flags
Update the way to delete submodule
Edit description of git clear-soft to indicate hard reset
Add git-clear-soft command 	Modify git-clear to indicate default behavior of removing git ignored files
Add Ubuntu installation
add docs for git standup
add git-standup
Add Fedora package-manager installation instruction
Add -m flag to git-setup to set the initial commit message.
Mention initial copyright year and add contributors to copyright
Bump version to 4.2.0-dev.
Version 4.1.0
Regerenate git-pr.html
Update git PR manual to mention URLs
handle GIT_EDITOR which contains space
use ps -f and awk to emulate pgrep
add upstream check & bugfix
add example of git-sync
upstream is used by default
add git-sync
Add BSD installation instructions.
installation.md: Update information about column.exe
install.cmd: add a check for write rights to the install folder
install.cmd: properly escape the ! in the shebang line
Make the win installer more robust
Update Installation.md
Makefile: fix inverted list of commands that use is_git_repo
Add Gitter badge.
Bump version to 4.1.0-dev.
Version 4.0.0
Add David Rogers to AUTHORS.
Better USAGE message
Touch multiple files supplied
Use `$@` instead of `$*` re #467
Update AUTHORS.
installation: put $SYSCONFDIR (/etc) under $PREFIX by default
Makefile: allow customizing of SYSCONFDIR (/etc) location
Update all man pages.
Add more info how to set global gitignore
Regenerate git-changelog man pages (.html and .1) for #471.
git-changelog: option to only use merges
Use the default installation path in install.cmd
use real purplish
add simple sed command
disable color if the output is not printed to tty
replace wildcard '?' to literal '?'
git-scp: use portable terminal escape sequences
git-summary: protect against character encoding issues with LC_ALL=C
git-effort: use portable terminal escape sequences
Makefile: refactor is-git-repo inclusion logic
Makefile: escape $ used inside eval as shell variable
Add possibility to also checkout pull requests based on GitHub urls
summary: beware of locale issues, and pass options to line-summary
Update git-ignore-io mannual
Replace "export" option with "replace" in git-ignore-io
Remove exclamation mark
Remove warning when search without word.
Add warning when there is not argument after search, append and export
Alphabetized list
effort, summary: Correctly estimate the number of active days
effort: change order of arguments to function
effort: add usage message
effort: More robust argument parsing
add alias conflict prompt
Add full name for list option
Make sure git-authors doesn't return twice the same one.
update git-feature docs
add alias to git-feature
Modify print_last_modified_time to make it Linux compatible
Remove redundant \n in tr
Not to update list each time git-ignore-io is executed
Refactor git-ignore-io and remove .gitignore
Update manual and description in Commands
remove duplicate checkout
Generate manual using ronn for git-ignore-io
Finish manual for git-ignore-io
Add description to Commands.md for git-ignore-io
Implement search function or git-ignore-io
Remove help from git-ignore-io
Init gitignore and ignore vim osx temp files
Updated documentation for git-ignore
Added details to git-pr documentation
made more precise security-question.
more concise implementation of git-clear
added git-clear to Commands.md
added manpage for git-clear
implemented git-clear
fix link of `git feature|refactor|bug|chore`
Mark default task as .PHONY
make it possible to update via `git extras`
merge-into: change --ff option to --ff-only. fix #421
update Commands.md
Improve man page presentation.
Add documentation.
change 'search-term' to 'search-pattern'
abort git-alias when too many arguments given.
effort docs: add note about omitting unsorted results
effort docs: add example with directories
effort docs: filename -> path
effort docs: Adjust numbers in example
effort: rename 'file' to 'path' to be more accurate
Set default make task to be install
fork docs: change SSH to HTTPS in example
effort: fix active days always 1
line-summary: 'function f{...' -> 'f() {...'
line-summary: add missing quotation marks
line-summary: tighten regex
summary docs: Remove --line example
summary docs: explain relation to git-line-summary
summary docs: use correct order of arguments
guilt: remove --help option
guilt: document call without arguments
guilt docs: Capitalize letters
guilt: Adds simplified example
add missing git-obliterate documentation
fork: http-urls had colon instead of slash
fork: original->upstream in docs
contrib: update docs
alias: docs
now we can specify a commit range for git-obliterate
Add completion for git-psykorebase.
alias: polish the docs
alias: bugfix
contrib: refactor, and conform to git
git-alias: use sed insted of colrm
git-changelog: use cp instead of mv
git-extras: use git-help instead of man
add install script for PortableGit(msysgit)
Quote variables bc of filenames with spaces
Guard against 'seq 0'
Pass --import-functions if required
effort: documentation for git effort --since #326
effort: error on bad value to --above
archive-file: cleaner way to get current branch
effort: don't count untouched files
Add info about new options to man pages
Add completion for more options to effort
Do proper argument parsing
Catch "HEAD -> master" when creating the changelog
Remove unused var.
Handle signals in git-changelog.
Avoid spawning subshell
Remove unnecessary call to cat
perf: reduce calls to git log
Parallelize git-effort with xargs
Alter options to git log. Remove pipe
cd man && ./manning-up.sh && git diff --stat | grep ' 2 ' | awk '{print }' | xargs git checkout --
Use https for git-fork
added windows installation section in the Installation.md
format install.cmd
add install.cmd for installation on windows
Makefile: Use a more portable mktemp invocation
Using shorter URL
installation with curl and bash
keep installation silent
update installation in `git-extras update`
FIXes location of `--` for `grep`
FIXes 'mktemp' to work again on Linux
Document for git-line-summary
install the latest release version of git-extras
git-effort: replace "wc | cut" with "wc | awk"
align hashbang of git-guilt & git-merge-into
Don't treat ignored patterns as regexps
Version 3.0.0
run pre-release ./manning-up.sh
Updated documentation for git-scp and slight feature change
add support for git version below 2.2.0
correct the broken regex
Rearrange documentation links, see #358
git-merge-repo
git merge-repo
add wiki for git-guilt
add support for git version below 2.2.0
fix indentation errors in git guilt
Hope to fix #341
use argument separator for usages of `grep` which can choke on weird input
helper/reset-env: helper to prevent GREP_OPTIONS from causing issues
add docs for git guilt
add git-guilt
sort unless there is only one item
add show-merged-branches and show-unmerged-branches
Updated bash completions for better-changelog.
Update docs for revised git-changelog.
Complete rewrite to support commit ranges for pretty and list output.
Support ~ in add_patterns for git-ignore
Support ~ in show git-ignore
add wiki for git-merge-into
add docs for git-merge-into
add merge-into to merge two branches quickly
git-fresh-branch: Check for changes and prompt for input before nuking. (Issue: #142)
fix gh-pages to stash and don't delete files
Allow empty initial commit when setup repo.
git-summary correctly displays project name
git scp #300
changelog: add git-config support for format and log options
use standard git editor in git-authors & git-changelog
+ custom commit message options supports
Added in option to concat extra feature names
link to git delta
git delta usage
git-delta
Add git-authors
Add git-authors
Updated Commands (markdown)
Updated Commands (markdown)
Updated Commands (markdown)
Updated Commands (markdown)
Updated Commands (markdown)
tj#300 Added bash completion
extra mktemp into git_extra_mktemp
adding git-chore
add enough X to fix #303. GNU mktemp requires at least three X in the last part of template.
symlink git-rscp to git-scp
Avoid duplicating asterisk.
Updated License.
path argument can not be optional in `rscp`; add more docs
OMG a spelling mistake\!
updated documentation because git-squash does no longer delete source-branch
Updated man page for git-scp
First RFC documentation
When deleting a branch check if git has config.
Added a footer.
remove stuff from readme & form a list
add a few keywords
some remaining dashes
roughly finished
Updated Commands (markdown)
Updated Commands (markdown)
Updated Commands (markdown)
gonna use the clean sub command for each command explanation
adding links turn out to be a pain, go to sleep
add commands page link
add commands page, all copy & paste
add screencasts
copy from readme
Updated Install (markdown)
Created Install (markdown)
adapted a more generic, customizable and friendly script
Copy from git-goth https://github.com/chernjie/git-goth
Initial Home page
add more bash completion functions
Add ref completion to git-missing.
Revert "Ignore *.html and *.1 auto-generated files in man/"
make will not assume man pages already exists
Ignore man/git-*.html and man/git-*.1
Remove auto-generated files man/git-*.html and man/git-*.1
added changelog to release as optional flag
Use mktemp for temporary file creation.
make release hook more flexible
added --no-color to git-delete-merged-branches
More portable she-bangs.
Use process-specific tmp file and clean up on exit
Update Readme.md
git-info: POSIX compliance
Version bump.
Updated the list.
Version 2.2.0
modify the behavior of git-ignore, now it will cd root to find .gitignore
Update `mktemp` command to work on Mac OS X
add new command 'git root' to show the path to root of repo
correct the format of git-rebase-patch.md. Now we can handle it with script
correct the '-m' argument for grep. Then regenralize git-extra
replace visionmedia/git-extras to tj/git-extras
changing incorrect reference of tag to tags
added git-locked to check what files have been locked
Version 2.1.0
fixed descriptions: match required/optional params
fix #180 and #232 feature|bug|refactor checkout
Implement git-pr
FIX: representation of git-info
import changes *from* a branch
use mixin to add 'is git repo' check for some commands
Bump version in `bin/git-extras`
Changelogs for version 2.0.0
add welcome in git-repl
Added option to specify base
Update homebrew URL and remove ‘buggy’ label
ADD: git-reset-file
Readme: document git-delete-merged-branches
File perms fix.
Revert 2 commits to `git-changelog`
Update docs to match `git-delete-merged-branches` behavior
Exempt `master` from deleted branches
Refactor and improve `git squash`
add git-fork
Uses column -t to align summary output in a table.
FIX: check if un-pushed commits
Update Readme.md with lock and unlock commands
git-unlock Unlock local files in git repository
git-lock Lock files in git repository
Add git-rebase-patch
Make git-obliterate work if there are whitespaces in filename
invoke bash via /usr/bin/env for portability
Release 1.9.1
improved Makefile with BINPREFIX
fixed Makefile uninstall target for man files
Letter spacing in author list
Use two-space indents for log entry output, so it again is debian changelog compatible (as before commit 1235e4a5)
git effort: handle filenames containing whitespace cleanly
Add line-summary as an options --line  & doc
Add check for no changes in the tree (no sub-modules)
Update Readme.md
Update git-changelog docs for --no-merges option
Add --no-merges option to changelog
git-changelog: don't output a trailing space after the date
removing `git promote`
Simplify delete-merged-branches
Update Readme.md
Address issue #190, git-setup should test for existing .git in target directory
Add comment for the code
Added multi-delete for git-delete-branch and git-delete-tag Correcting typos Compiled latest documentation Applying changes from delete-tag to delete-branch for consistency Removed unnecessary string quotes (thanks `git` ref design) and everything works Tags are not being found with string concatenation Updated delete-tag to accept multiple tags Corrections for delete-branch Updating docs for delete-tag Added 'Todd Wolfson' to AUTHORS Updated documentation for delete-branch Moved deletions to concatenate strings and delete in one fell swoop Reworking delete-branch to delete multiple branches in series
Small typo correction
git-create-branch: bug fix for branch creation use HEAD instead of origin
changed the code for git bug|feature|refactor to only accept single argument when not finishing a bug|feature|refactor. This is an easy solution to avoid misspelings of the word 'finish'
allow options to be passed through to git log
adding git-missing command
Release 1.9.0
git-squash: add --me flag to flatten the current branch
Make repository_age() "history rewrite safe"
modify to count for text file
add git-line-summary
Release 1.8.0
move docs target up
git-delete-merged-branches: use -D instead of delete-branch
removed unnecessary git checkout for bug, feature and refactor
Adds the tag swtich to bash completion.
Updated readme; included the --tag switch.
Added support for a --tag argument to directly set the tag name in the header.
Added support for multiple arguments in git-changelog.
Execute commands that are already prefixed with git directly
Execute a shell command, if the command is prefixed with !
Adding option to omit config in git-info
added git-archive-file to Readme.md
added man pages for git-archive-file
import from https://github.com/TheHippo/git-archive-file
fix one-liner. Closes #164
remove INSTALL check
fix delete-branch to work with same-name tags
fix typo
Move misplaced text into git effort section
change git-effort(1) to use /bin/bash for now. Closes #78
Delete tag on origin even if it wasn't locally fetched yet.
Delete branch on origin even if it wasn't locally fetched yet.
Update bit/git-count
Update bin/git-count
docs updates for get-delete-merged-branches
Make delete-merge-branches more user-friendly
Revert "Added git-review to review files on branch since the branch was created."
Add remote parameter to git-release
Added git-review to review files on branch since the branch was created.
Add usage note to delete-branch.
Replace http with https for man Github urls
Recommit of @d153e9c Changes  to PR #114.
Alphabetically sorted bash_completion.
Generate only a single manual.
merge with muthasib as per pull req #114.
Add bash_completion for new git-ignore switches.
Make all bin scripts executable.
Add docs for shorthand version of --list.
All documentation updated as a result from shell script.
The complete index of all available documents.
Added automated manual generation.
whitespace only
Added examples to git-commits-since
Complete git-ignore includes global.
Added git-show-tree.
Add global gitignore to git-ignore output
git-undo now includes -h|--hard option.
help ronn make hyperlinks.
Use git describe to fetch last tag
Recursive remove by default.
Add to readme
Add `git-obliterate` for removing file from history.
Update master
screencast link
fix git-summary repo age, remove "ago"
remove debug shit
fix some quoting in git-pull-request and ensure the remote is available
fix git-pull-request curl body quoting
add default of HEAD to git-pull-request
add initial git-pull-request(1) implementation
fix git-extras whitespace
Revert "Removing a bashism from git-effort"
Removing a bashism from git-effort
Adding delete-merge-branches, gh-pages, rename-tag and squash manpages
Adding bug/refactor/feature man pages
Adding bug/refactor/feature man pages
move active above commits in git-summary
Added git-delete-merged-branches(1)
Revert "Added git-has(1) to check if a commit is present in the current branch"
Added git-has(1) to check if a commit is present in the current branch
Adding shebang to the rename-tag command
Updated main documenation to include git-info
Added documentation for git-info command.
Added git-info command.
Updated git-extras to include git-effort.
Added missing documenation for git-effort command
Updating git-summary documentation, because we added a 'repo age' field to git-summary command.
Added dots for fill instead of blank spaces
Release 1.7.0
git-summary: shorter repo age
git-summary: make : line up
Added repo age to git-summary.
git-undo now keeps file changes when undoing.
Release 1.6.0
tweak update a bit
Favoring the use of bash "Parameter Expansion" instead of "dirname" as "dirname" has some cross-platform challenges.
Corrected `git extras update` where ${PREFIX} was not honored for `make install`
Uninstall bash completion from correct directory
git-release: removed "Prepared"
added switch -l as shortcut for --list to git-changelog
git-changelog accepts optional parameter to pass changelog output file
fixed incorrect argument passing and added pushing to remote
added git-rename-tag
ocd
made `git commit` optional and added `-a -m` switches to `tag`
changelog pulls tags in reverse order
switched to printf instead of echo
Added git-local-commits: script to show a log of all commits not pushed to origin
fixed git-repl conditional
Added displaying current branch name to git-repl(1) prompt
Improvements to git-repl
use https to clone in the automatic install script
Release 1.5.1
Install bash completion to $(DESTDIR)/etc, not $(DESTDIR)$(PREFIX)/etc
Added active days to git-summary(1) (and refactored)
Removed git-pull-request(1)
mention cmd
sorted effort image
replace unsorted with sorted
Added: sort git-effort(1) results. Closes #73
refactoring git-effort
Release 1.4.0
docs
Added: allow files to be passed to `git-effort(1)`. Closes #71
Added: hide/show cursor for `git-effort(1)`
Changed: color `git-effort(1)` commits / active days independently
refactord git-effort(1)
Modified git-pull-request to be able to create pull requests, as well as apply them
Added git-gh-oauth: script to manage oauth keys for github
active days img
Release 1.3.0
Added active days to `git-effort(1)` output
Release 1.2.0
update git-effort(1) image
Added a greater color range to git-effort(1)
use red instead of green
ws
Added --above <n> to git-effort(1)
Release 1.1.0
docs for git-effort(1)
Added git-effort(1) (not yet complete)
refactored git-summary(1)
Release 1.0.0
Added _git_squash() to bash_completion.sh
fixed git-squash
changed git-squash(1)
Update man/git-fresh-branch.html
Update man/git-fresh-branch.1
Update man/git-fresh-branch.md
Added git-squash
Send error messages to stderr instead of stdout
Added MacPorts as a way to install git-extras
Added myself to AUTHORS file
Make bash_completion install respect $(PREFIX) variable
Support DESTDIR
Release 0.9.0
make /etc/bash_completion.d
(un)installation instructions
bash completion script
remove git-ignore garbage
Adding `git-ignore` patterns from template was inside `git-create-branch` documentation.
Release 0.8.1
track gh-pages branch
remove git-promote
Update Readme.md
Update Readme.md
Release 0.8.0
Added pre- post-release hooks to git-release
Added git-promote
merged
Removed git-apply-branch
fixed: "git extra update" errors when pwd includes whitespace
Added syntax highlighting; numerous tweaks to punctuation; use present tense consistently throughout; tweaked markup so commands are backticked for readability.
Added `git-apply-branch`
doc typo
Release 0.7.0
typo
Added percentages to `git-summary`
fixed one-liner
Release 0.6.0
new `git-back` command for soft undos
Release 0.5.1
docs
revert git-ignore but retain argc == 0 as showing .gitignore contents
revert broken git-release
recursive install == bad
added INSTALL check
merge conflicts
fixed typo error
Use annotated tags to release commits instead of lightweight tags
git-setup: create a directory if the provided one does not exist yet. Additionally, enables the creation of directories with names containing spaces in a more fashion way. Example: 'git setup path/to/repo name'.
git-ignore: show all availables templates if no patterns are found.
improved user feedback: show matched string using 'grep --color'
git-ignore template support. Templates are based in https://github.com/github/gitignore
git-ignore doesnt fail if .gitignore file dont exists yet
Release 0.4.1
refactor git-graft
git-graft now defaults to current branch instead of master
Release 0.4.0
docs
Added git-refactor
Release 0.3.0
docs
Added `git-pull-request`
Revert "Revert "Make sure to get the last chronological tag, instead of relying on the bogus `git tag` sorting.""
Revert "Make sure to get the last chronological tag, instead of relying on the bogus `git tag` sorting."
Release 0.2.0
docs
Added `git-extras`, removed `git-extras-version` and `git-extras-update`
Make sure to get the last chronological tag, instead of relying on the bogus `git tag` sorting.
delete branch after merge
Added git-bug
Added git-feature
Added LICENSE
documentation for git-alias
git alias
Bump version
Added git-create-branch
removed git-ignore template support
Create install dir before copying
Release 0.1.0
Added gh-pages command
adopting uniq code style across multiple scripts: variables assignments, arguments validation and core logic. This style reduces if statements usage and makes code easier to understand. :D
fixed typo error
Use annotated tags to release commits instead of lightweight tags
https. Closes #27
git-setup: create a directory if the provided one does not exist yet. Additionally, enables the creation of directories with names containing spaces in a more fashion way. Example: 'git setup path/to/repo name'.
git-ignore: show all availables templates if no patterns are found.
improved user feedback: show matched string using 'grep --color'
git-ignore template support. Templates are based in https://github.com/github/gitignore
git-ignore doesnt fail if .gitignore file dont exists yet
MANPATH -> MANPREFIX. Closes #25
Release 0.0.7
Installing / uninstall man pages
Added html docs
Built docs
typo
new `make clean`
Started new makefile for docs
Renamed man pages to *.md
Added gitignore
misc makefile fixes
first manual's version
man pages support
One-liner
Added -d -> -D. Closes #15
Misc
Release 0.0.6
Use a shallow clone in git-update-extras.
Add command git-touch.
Bump version
Release 0.0.5
new git-ignore docs
automatically remove trailing slash from argument if it exists
add some usage notes to git-delete-submodule
added git-delete-submodule for delete submodules easily
show ignored files if no arguments are provided
automatically remove trailing slash from argument if it exists
add some usage notes to git-delete-submodule
added git-delete-submodule for delete submodules easily
show ignored files if no arguments are provided
git-setup argument is now optional, defaulting to the CWD
Styling
Alias repl "ls" as ls-files
Brew installation
Bumped version. be sure to `git update-extras` !
Release 0.0.4
Don't fail if the local branch doesn't exist
Also delete the remote branch
Updated AUTHORS
Add docs about git summary to Readme.mkd
Make git-summary take an optional commitish
git-graft dest branch defaults to master
Use `test -d` for a more compatible directory check
Use wildcard function for $(BINS)
Add git-setup
Misc refactoring
Graft Update
Added git-graft.
Added git-undo for removing recent commits.
think big.
Added the essential'fresh-branch' feature. Updated Readme.md accordingly.
updated makefile
Updated history
Release 0.0.3
Added git-extras-version
Added git-update-extras
Delete remote tag only if local was deleted
Delete remote branch only if local was deleted
Use -d to avoid deleting an unmerged branch by accident
read doesn't have the -e option in SH on my machine at least.
Release 0.0.2
Handle spaces in contributor's name for git-contrib
Allow spaces in release names/numbers
Added git-contrib
Makefile cleanup
Added git-summary
Added git-commits-since
Added git-repl
Added git-delete-tag
Added git-delete-branch
Readme typo
Added git-changelog. Closes #1
Docs for git-ignore. Closes #3
Added git-ignore
Readme typo
Install docs
Added git-release
Readme
Passing args to git shortlog
Added --all support to git-count
Initial commit
