relocation notice
Release 2.9.10
Changelog bump; switch ci to jdk 17.
Update bootclasspath deps listing.
Expand profiles before calculating which to remove in jar task.
Add hinting to xml/parse calls in uberjar and search.
Add test for dev-resources in uberjar.
Update release steps.
Bump to version 2.9.10-SNAPSHOT
Release 2.9.9
Update changelog.
Recommend manual install in /usr/local/bin
Update year in web page and remove tabs.
Update link to CI badge.
Don't allow built-in templates to shadow remote templates.
Disable test-headless-socket until nrepl 1.0.0 is released
Hard-code names of built-in templates instead of querying classpath.
Do pedantic cycle detection based on strings, not dependency nodes.
Codeberg doesn't use blob or tree in its URLs.
Move the "moved repository" notice to higher in the readme.
Update all links to point to codeberg instead of github.
Add IRC notifications for failed builds.
Just use a normal debian image.
Even simpler CI config.
Add CI config for woodpecker.
Add a simple "repl :headless :socket" test
Add "repl :headless :socket PATH" support
Bump Clojure version to 1.11.1.
Revert "Use non-deprecated --tmpdir argument to mktemp instead of -t."
Bump data.xml to 0.2.0-alpha6
Use non-deprecated --tmpdir argument to mktemp instead of -t.
Get mktemp to find a temp dir for us.
Bump nrepl version to 0.9.0.
Be a little more forgiving of weird :repositories.
Add aarch64 support to leiningen.core.utils
Exclude module-info.class from uberjars.
Make resource-paths in jar file distinct.
Change sample project.clj to demonstrate :aot of entry point ns.
Improve vcs not found message.
Remove lein-sdkman from repository.
Prevent AOT from interfering with reflection in check task.
Propagate exception message in test task.
Add web makefile 1-liner.
Remove Google fonts from grench.html too!
Stop using Google fonts for leiningen.org. How embarrassing!
Set pom-scope during init-profile.
Test for pom leakage more carefully.
Disable silent in CI.
Clean up test output to make real failures visible.
Update bootclasspath deps listing.
Mention need for lein install in checkout deps docs.
Rearrange new functions to be more consistent with the original sectioning of change.clj
Remove gratuituous trailing whitespace to eliminate a diff
Code cleanup.  Add test to ensure exclusions, etc aren't broken by updating versions
After discussion with @technomancy, reverted path expression syntax to smashed keywords, and detect whether on map or vector by analying the sjacket DOM to determine how to process the next key in the path
Update leiningen.change/change doc-string
Make `utils/mkdirs` nil-safe
Bootclasspath conflicts are only relevant to plugin authors.
Bump to 2.9.9-SNAPSHOT
Release 2.9.8
Changelog.
Update lein
Ability to provide custom LEIN_JAR location
Remove test for error which is no longer thrown.
Catch pathological pedantic exception after it happens.
Revert "Warn when pedantic detects a pathological dependency tree."
Change most warnings to warn-once.
Link to Libera.Chat in website instead of Freenode
Exit w/ non-zero status on lein help not-found
Bump to next snapshot version and automate bumping.
Release 2.9.7
Look for jar files, not zip files when self-installing.
Update copyright dates and web site copy.
Update changelog.
Warn when pedantic detects a pathological dependency tree.
Bump REPLy to 0.5.1
Refresh bootclasspath deps list.
Update repl to reference incomplete instead of complete.
Clarify the use of --quote-args.
Bump transitive deps to mitigate CVE-2021-37714 and PRISMA-2021-0055
Exclude ranges which point to a single version from pedantic
Update REPLy to 0.5.0
Update DEPLOY.md
Support clojure 1.10.3
Add tests for TLS cert verification.
RIP freenode
Setup GNUPGHOME for :verify test. Add commons-io/:no-key to assertion
Remove commons-io signing check and update changelog.
Remove -Xverify:none flag from bin/lein.
Bump version number up to snapshot again.
Release 2.9.6
Message in bin/release.
Sod off, Google.
Upgrade pomegranate from 1.2.0 -> 1.2.1
Upgrade pomegranate from 1.2.0 -> 1.2.1
Clarify Clojars deploy token instructions
Update docs to cover new Clojars verified group policy
Name template namespaces after the artifact-id only.
Install gnupg non-interactively.
Somehow these new docker images don't have gpg installed??
Update tests for new template resolution logic.
Stop testing on EOL'd JVM versions; add 16.
Update new task to look for templates the new way.
Update documentation for creating templates.
Update the template for creating new templates to reflect new Clojars rules.
Remove assumptions in templates about what code host will be used.
trim whitespace in .nrepl-port compatibility when user edits by hand
Update sample.project.clj
Remove misleading middleware example.
Run exit-code tests in leiningen, don't disable exit-after-tests.
Strengthen leiningen.test's reporting to avoid (future) data race
Bump version number to next snapshot.
Update changelog with 2.9.6 section.
add back reloading require for :eval-in :nrepl
remove ran?
bump ci again
bump ci?
not sure why this fails on my machine, trying CI
wip
Release 2.9.5
Update changelog and some documentation.
Upgrade Apache httpclient
Update commons-io to 2.8
Update nREPL to 0.8
Move web site to main repo.
Make leiningen.core.project/meta-merge public
Changed dependency sjacket to trptcolin's fork
Update DEPLOY.md, fix a couple of typos
Revert "Update DEPLOY.md, remove redirect from gpg encrypt"
Update DEPLOY.md, remove redirect from gpg encrypt
Throw an exception if you try to use composite :provided profile.
Release script fixes.
Bump version to 2.9.5-SNAPSHOT
Release 2.9.4
Changelog update for 2.9.4
Update docs for composite profiles to recommend against mixed.
Remove unused clojars key as per Toby.
Don't try to dive deeper into getCollectExceptions results.
add sha256 command for OpenBSD
Add direct-linking jvm-opt to app uberjar profile
Recommend Clojars deploy tokens over password.
Apply test selectors to test vars only
We don't actually have any stickers left.
Bump version in top-level project.clj.
fix race condition in utils/mkdirs
Add `scheme` at reply options and transport to ack-server
Update REPL-y's version in example snippet
Update a reference to Drawbridge
Update nREPL to version 0.7
remove deprecated make-pom-properties
LEIN_FAST_TRAMPOLINE should respect local profiles.clj
lol the date
Bump to 2.9.4-SNAPSHOT post-release.
Release 2.9.3
Changelog date.
Document memoized middleware.
Improve deps task docstring.
Corrected actual sha256 checksum displayed in the error message in the event of a checksum mismatch.
Revert "Revert "Deploy checksums for signatures.""
Tuned text, added links
Memoize application of middleware
Write a sha256sum file with the correct format
Bump to 2.9.3-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.9.2
Oops; forgot to bump to a snapshot after the last release.
Bump pprint version to match Clojars, improve docs
Test multiple Java versions using workflows
Improve tests
Test cleanup
CircleCI config cleanups
More tests and some refactoring
Run lein-pprint tests on Circle
Release lein-pprint 1.3.0.
Bump to Clojure 1.10.1 for Leiningen itself.
Include PGP public keys to use in tests
Revert "Deploy checksums for signatures."
Bump Pomegranate to version 1.2.0
Revert "Pick up fix for CVE-2018-10237"
Remove mention of mailing list.
Add the exit code to the "Subprocess failed" message
Add CLI switches to control annotation behavior
Make sure release tags are annotated.
Apply explicit middleware and hooks even with disabled implicits
fix: Exclude project-specific  from version control
Upgrade reply to 0.4.4
Use a newer docker image.
add progress in lein release
add consistent load order for lein check
Remove duplicated test project explanation info from test projects
Overhaul project initialization
Recommend Java 8 to avoid illegal reflection.
Add FAQ entry: illegal reflective access
Specify secondary license in license files
Replace sha1sum with sha256sum to deduplicate effort
Actually check the checksum of downloaded jar
Where on earth did that come from? 3 nested lets in a row?!
Directly call aether/merge-versions-from-managed-coords
Revert "Final attempt fixing GPG tests in CI"
Unmerge non-leaky profiles for uberjar snapshot deps check
Preserve and merge metadata of meta-merged collections
Bump templates to use Clojure 1.10.1, which improves error reporting seen under lein
Align Clojars URLs clojars.org/repo -> repo.clojars.org
Omit unnecessary empty default keys in profile map setup
Remove broken excluded profiles normalization
Apply default metadata to composite profiles
Final attempt fixing GPG tests in CI
Revert "Attempt fixing GPG tests in CI"
Attempt fixing GPG tests in CI
Revert "Attempt to fix brittle GPG tests in CI"
Set proxy settings when deploying
Update :deploy-repositories clojars URL
Defer to Pomegranate repo policy defaults
Attempt to fix brittle GPG tests in CI
Include repository policies in POM
Update bootclasspath dependencies
Remove hook warning.
Add data.codec to bootclasspath deps
Add test for "deps :verify" task
Preserve user-supplied XML namespaces in POM
Upgrade org.clojure/data.xml to 0.2.0-alpha5
add missing '.' on doc/TUTORIAL.md
remove unnecessary '.' from doc/TUTORIAL.md
apply doctoc on doc/ja/TUTORIAL_ja.md
translate doc/TUTORIAL.md partially
gitignore lein_ja.man
translate doc/ja/lein_ja.1
copy doc/lein.1 to doc/ja/lein_ja.1
translate doc/TUTORIAL.md partially
translate doc/TUTORIAL.md partially
translate doc/TUTORIAL.md partially
translate doc/TUTORIAL.md partially
translate doc/TUTORIAL.md to section 6.4
copy doc/TUTORIAL.md to doc/ja/TUTORIAL_ja.md
add detailed explanation into doc/TUTORIAL.md
Pick up fix for CVE-2018-10237
proper symbol equality for user
elides printing of exception when require of user ns throws
Add main to aot nss only if it's not there already
Release 2.9.1
Release date.
Update bug_report.md
Add more debugging info to the bug_report.md
Update news.
Move sorting of namespaces to compile to filesystem search.
Handle empty http(s)_proxy string
rm "master" from :repl-options :prompt example
Add GitHub issue templates
Turn off print-namespace-maps across all tasks, not just uberjar.
remove unnecessary temp variable for working directory
Use absolute LEIN_DIR path when running from checkout
leiningen.uberjar: try to produce backwards-compatible EDN
Bump version to 2.9.1-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.9.0
Re-enable bootclasspath optimization.
Remove unnecessary toolprovider import.
2.9.0 today?
Changelog entries for 2.9.0.
Bump nREPL to 0.6.0
Bump to Clojure version 1.10.0.
Remove implicit middleware warning.
change location of sort for ease of testing
remove debug fluff
add sort for compilable-namespaces for consistency of compilation order
Offer solutions for old Clojure versions instead of bombing hideously in repl.
Bump templates to use Clojure 1.10.0.
Add pomegranate exclusions for pedantic.
Bump version to 2.8.4-SNAPSHOT.
removed deps and checked dependencies
Release 2.8.3
Changelog for 2.8.3.
Stringify namespace of main for repl init.
Bump version to 2.8.3-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.8.2
Latest changelog.
Replace require-and-resolve with existing require-resolve function.
Display dynamically the uri-scheme for the nREPL transport
Dockerhub deleted an image and broke our builds.
Bump nrepl to 0.5.1.
Allow init-ns to return nil sometimes.
Allow freeform :pom-plugin configuration
Fall back if neither repl init-ns nor main is found.
Remove stray %s.
Update readme and changelog.
Attempt to reproduce #2408.
Updated Lein.ps1
Remove inaccurate documentation about repl profile.
Bump reply to fix namespace not found bug.
Bump the nREPL dep to latest
Bump the reply dep to latest
Allow Github repo URL without .git
Exclude dot files at any level of the jar hierarchy.
Remove link to broken Windows installer.
Update bultitude dependency to 0.3.0 & new maintainer
Upgrade version of pomegranate to latest.
Update version of reply to latest.
Update NEWS with 2.8.2 changes.
Check for empty checksum and don't use it if so.
Don't export INPUT_CHECKSUM; use system properties instead.
Add CircleCI status badge to README
Bump to nREPL 0.4.3
[LEIN-2453] Support repository-overrides.clj
Update DEPLOY.md as proposed in #1890
pprint: add --not-pretty argument
lein: always send diagnostics to stderr
Update nREPL to 0.4.1
Update clojars cert expiry date.
Clarify that "override" refers to merging for profiles
Update clojars cert
Update `lein change` docstring to include set command
Exclude project-specific `profiles.clj` from version control
Upgrade dependencies
Port TLS fix from #2405 to lein.ps1
Add curl/wget HTTP_CLIENT again
Skip the default "this didn't work" message
Write nicer message instead of erroring out - #2416
Bump commons-io version
Ensure aliases are replaced when merging profiles
Use `clojars` repo consistently in document
Correct project.clj key
Enforce TLS 1.2 for PowerShell downloader
Improve the message when insecure HTTP repositories are detected.
Use GPL-2.0-or-later as secondary license
Update project templates to specify secondary license and fix readmes.
Switch to EPL-2.0 in `lein new` templates
Bump version of reply and clojure-complete
Disable warning suppression for tests.
Oops; typoed that last lein new test fix.
Suppress multiple user profile warnings.
Warn when hooks or implicit middleware is found.
No no no no no no no. That is terrible advice.
Turns out the no-TLS workaround does actually work.
Add FAQ entry for Java 7's lack of TLS 1.2 support.
Be more tolerant of empty project maps.
Don't emit stack traces when search results can't be parsed.
Document that deploy task accepts a URL as a repo name.
Be more forgiving of empty project map.
Prevent new projects from being named "cljs".
Add project coordinate data to JAR metadata
Bump templates to use Clojure 1.9.0.
Oops; got the order wrong there.
Document removal of drawbridge.
Don't fail if bootclasspath deps list isn't found.
Deploy typo and doc update.
Bump the nREPL dep to 0.2.13
[docs] Update TEMPLATES.md to refer to resources dir rather than src dir
Avoid "You have $CLASSPATH set" errors on upgrade
Update FAQ.md (#2356)
Add description for changing maven read timeout
Added support for :exact-lein-version.
Release 1.2.0 of lein-pprint.
Don't use :main, use :repl-options
Add `main` to default template
Bump dev version up to 2.8.2-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.8.1
Reintroduce cleanup of trampoline files after we've used them.
Hard-code built-in tasks.
Changelog.
Handle the existence of TRAMPOLINE_FILE consistently.
Bump dynapath dependency.
Remove cgroups faq.
Get rid of cgroups special handling in core
Ensure dynamic classloader even when no plugins are specified.
Upgrade to pomegranate 0.4.0
Consistently wrap a DynamicClassLoader even when not in 1.9+
Don't trust modifiable-classloader? on Java 1.9+.
Changelog update.
Revert "Type-hint and print metadata of form used by run task"
Update NEWS.md
Make UseCGroupMemoryLimitForHeap apply only on Linux
FAQ: fix typo in code sample
Adjustments per comments from @technomancy
We shouldn't recommend use of outdated JDKs.
Replace 2.7.2 with 2.8.0 in FAQ on string deps
Bump up to the next snapshot.
Release 2.8.0
Add changelog date.
Port bootclasspath/verify changes to lein-pkg and lein-sdkman.
Add LEIN_USE_BOOTCLASSPATH.
Only warn for plugin conflicts when :pedantic? is :warn or :abort.
Add a few changelog entries.
Add explanation to plugin guide of how to not create a plugin.
disable bytecode verification
remove bootclasspath options
Revert "Support skipping bootclasspath."
A few stray news items.
Go back to version 2.8.0-SNAPSHOT.
Add test showing that empty values can be set under :scm :git
Infer default values from .git/config for :scm :git
Pom: refactor write-scm-tag and make-git-scm
Release 2.8.0-RC1
Prepare for 2.8.0-RC1.
Add a comment explaining that the test task is a legacy monkeypatch.
Check presence of substring using includes
Add private function that removes doctoc comments
Mention cgroups jvm options in FAQ.
Remove docs for making plugins work with lein 1.x.
Deprecate project middleware, hooks, and the :test profile.
Allow overriding commit message
Add :query subcommand to deps task.
Type-hint and print metadata of form used by run task
Oops; into does not take varargs.
Don't enable cgroups memory flags on older JVMs.
Default to getting JVM memory limit from cgroups.
expand test coverage to confirm signing args for multiple gpg versions
gpg unattended signing args must be specific to gpg version
update documentation for unattended gpg
allow GPG to be invoked unattended with passphrase (+2 squashed commits) Squashed commits: [81bda1b] allow GPG to be invoked unattended with passphrase [ef54597] allow GPG to be invoked unattended with passphrase
Update some documentation.
Deploy checksums for signatures.
Work around bug in aether/s3-wagon-private which hides :passphrase.
Update Maven Central mirror URL.
Also add CLI options
Freshen up formatting and add some missing tasks
Update copyright year
Add missing closing square bracket
Prevent boxed math warnings in `lein test`
Correct typo in README.md
Return consistent result from leiningen.core.user/gpg
Document how to read project.clj at runtime
Do not include project.clj in JAR root
Add base profile note to lein checkouts
Trim whitespace in Git HEAD commit hash
Remove Travis config as it has been extremely unreliable.
Unmemoize in order to fix tests.
Warn when $CLASSPATH is set.
Remove LEIN_ROOT check.
Bump copyright years.
Document what causes insecure HTTP repository errors.
Don't notify Travis on IRC any more.
Add tests from pedantic lib as well.
Upgrade Aether via new pomegranate; merge pedantic into leiningen-core.
Add docstring for :why subcommand of deps.
Add `lein deps :why com.google.guava/guava` command.
Move plugin conflict warnings to only activate when :pedantic? is set.
Document @-style connect args for repl credentials.
Getting false from .mkdirs doesn't mean the directory doesn't exist.
Never use .mkdirs directly; it silently masks errors.
[#2272] Catch read-string exceptions and print a nicer error
[#2272] Use clojure.edn/read-string to read profiles files
Gitorious isn't a thing any more.
Add circleci config.yml.
Remove pedantic version warnings in leiningen-core.
Clearer chmod in readme.
Update list of conflictable bootclasspath deps.
Remove unnecessary workarounds.
Add back in commons-lang dependency.
Remove Cheshire dependency; use XML for search results.
Move clojure-complete out into repl-specific profile.
Move reply to on-demand dependency.
Remove clj-http dependency, and all transitive deps too.
Recommendations from shellcheck.
Make javac respect LEIN_SILENT.
Embarrassing grammatical error in a docstring!
Add :jar-inclusions to override built-in exclusion rules.
Port some fixes from bin/lein to bin/lein-pkg.
Support skipping bootclasspath.
Invite feedback for problems in the tutorial.
Found a redundency in code and reduced it.
Warn when trying to load plugins that can't be used.
Don't invoke release plugin fallback unless external plugin is present.
Explain absence of nrepl during trampoline as per #2224.
Allow in-leiningen repls when running outside a project.
Add plugin-tree
Update TUTORIAL.md
Update TUTORIAL.md
Change profiles string to recursively normalize
Catch NoRouteToHostException exception
give reference to how to get a SNAPSHOT version
Support tree deps.
Remove accidentally-added file.
Removed duplicate of alias clojure.string in leiningen-core's project.clj
Change profiles string to match subseqs
Make profiles string in target path smarter
Add note about fs permissions in get-deps error
Add note about --no-sign in vcs tag docstring
Add FAQ entry for string dependency names
Add string deps to sample.project.clj & NEWS.md
Rename artifact-namespace & artifact-name
Add support for string deps in project.clj
Bump http maven-wagon, fixes #1966
Remove lein-newnew references from templates docs
s/consistend/consistent
Bump a few versions here and there.
Bump tools.macro transitive dep.
Update docs re: search changes.
Improve error handling in search.
Add quote marks to version strings in search results.
Allow the search to continue if Central doesn't support that syntax.
Remove mention of advanced query syntax.
Replace lein search with live API-hitting task.
Consist => Consistent
Minor text fix
Add a lot of `s'es.
Added chocolatey to NEWS
Update to dynapath 0.2.5
Use new clojars repo url
Add test for deploying to a file repo
Infer classifier when deploying adhoc files
Move enhancement from 2.7.1 to 2.7.2 in changelog
Update NEWS
Only warn about each exclusion once
Bump dependencies, closes #2215
Allow keyword dependency versions, fixes #2212
Run new script version when upgrading lein.ps1
Use existing PSBoundParameters in lein.ps1
Back to snapshot
Release 2.7.1
Update NEWS.md
Initial lein-sdkman, ref #2204
Update lein-pkg root checking
Doc: :env/varname is only allowed in :repositories
Clarify main-class jar warning, closes #2208
Let ns-exists? return true on generated namespaces
Change from `concat` to `into`, to ensure vector
Don't require `nil` for version in managed deps - fixes #2195
Use GPG2 on macOS
Add clarification re: `:exclusions` in managed dependencies docs
Revert lein.bat hotfix
Hotfix lein.bat
Revert PowerShell script dependency on lein.bat
Ensure java 1.6 is used for releases
Back to snapshot
Release 2.7.0
Update NEWS.md
Modify TEMPLATES.md to make it more clear how to test your template
fix typo
Parse GitHub usernames with - in them
refer to '1.1.2'
tocontrol -> to control in LICENSE files
Run PowerShell without a profile/execution policy
Port lein.bat to PowerShell
Update the FAQ
Update test for clojars cert expiration date - fixes #2170
Provide the current clojars certificate [#2170]
Add support for `dependencyManagement` section in pom
Clarify docs, add tests for transitive deps
Add `managed-dependencies` example and docs
Add an explicit prep call before the test namespaces are calculated.
Add support for reading project from Reader instead of file
(#2067) Improve test coverage for managed dependencies
(#2067) Improve comment about call to private pomegranate fn
(#2067) Deprecate 'resolve-dependencies', add managed deps to it
(#2067) add support for `managed-dependencies`
Remove 'swank' and add missing commands to bash completion.
Get lein partially working under Java 9
Respect :scm :dir in leiningen.vcs/uses-vcs
Catch and handle fixture errors during tests
Add support for get-in pprinting
Move away from quoted LEIN_JAR again.
Update to pomegranate 0.3.1
removed inidividual quotes around paths in CLASSPATH
Quote CLASSPATH while calling Java
Reduce comment line lengths to 80 columns
Add comment warning about LEIN_JAR usage
Add warning about LEIN_JAR usage in Windows
Added debug-mode warning when files are dropped from uberjar due to name clash.
Keep whitelist-keys for backwards compatibility
Honor whitelist settings when javac called via jar - fixes #2089
Git push will push only branch related tags
Bump dependencies
Back to snapshot
Release 2.6.1
Update NEWS.md
Print meta only during compile, fixes #2079
2.6.0 was released in February, duh
Back to snapshot
Release 2.6.0
Update NEWS.md
Improve native dependency feedback, fixes #1961
Move away from deprecated Apache HTTP parts
Code cleanup
We haven't failed with oracle in a while
Print meta when eval-in-subprocess
Add troubleshooting steps for gpg: decryption failed
Remove potemkin dependency
Upgrade clojure-complete from 0.2.3 to 0.2.4
Update mailing list information
Remove clojars section from GPG instructions
Add docs for providing :jvm-opts
Clojure 1.8.0
Explain how to read your project map at runtime
Tell people to use profiles over middleware
Bind *read-eval* false when reading gpg credentials
Avoid piping std out when reading gpg credentials, ref #2062
Update CONTRIBUTING.md, ref #2060
Bump copyright years
(#2043) `release` task: support SNAPSHOTs on qualifiers
Updating lein-pkg jvm opts to match lein
Updating lein-pkg jvm opts to match lein
Adding platform independant sha to lien-pkg
Set short timeout on compiler agent thread pool
Don't create implicit resource dirs, fixes #2010
Upgrade clj-http to 2.0.0
Modify tiered-jvm-opts for :base profile
Update task defn information, ref #1913
Allow tasks to have vararg-only form, closes #1913
Remove duplicate profiles before profile merging
Convert `main` symbol to string
Print GPG errors when we receive them, ref #1892
Display progress on artifact signing, closes #1892
Clarify password/passphrase in DEPLOY.md
Reset ERRORLEVEL and RC in lein.bat
Set LEIN_JAVA_CMD to JAVA_CMD if set
Don't preset JAVA_CMD. Refs #2009
2.5.2-SNAPSHOT doesn't build on Windows 7 with Java 8 #1899
2.5.2-SNAPSHOT doesn't build on Windows 7 with Java 8 #1899
add raw-resourcer higher order functoin which returns raw-files generator
change default renderer io/reader -> io/input-stram to support binary files
2.5.2-SNAPSHOT doesn't build on Windows 7 with Java 8 #1899
bump some hidden nrepl deps, ref #2017
Bump the nREPL dep to 0.2.12
show a better error message when java is not found in PATH
Update CHNAGELOG.md templates
don't parse broken scm params from non-github URLs
Documentation fix: change passphrase to password
Return non zero status when :pedantic? is set to true or :abort
Add Tim Visher to NEWS
Need access to `regex?`
Make `regex?` visible
Don't trigger implicit-aot-warning on regex match
Quote components in ()s in lein.bat
Added section to template documentation explaining mustache delimiters.
allow travis to do a container build
allow setting no-auth in settings
Back to snapshot
Release 2.5.3
Update NEWS.md
Add CHANGELOG.md to tests.
Pin potemkin. Ref #1693
Only merge in mirrors (if key exist)
Add CHANGELOG.md to lein new templates
Add option to not sign tags when running "vcs" "tag"
changed .printStackTrace with println .getMessage
Split README documentation links into Usage and Development sections
fixed printStackTrace bug using std out error
Change the file-not-found test to be less strict on the output
Create source, resource and test paths for eval prep
Add link to "build" steps, ref #1971
Use eval/sh-with-exit-code in vcs
Add eval/sh-with-exit-code
Add test for `new template` with mirror settings
Add value of `:mirrors` in user profiles to fake project.
fixed LANGUAGE only env variable
Modify .lein-failures. Help retest individual tests.
Allow check for root user to process correctly on Solaris.
Updated old reference to hacking section of README to "Bootstrapping" from CONTRIBUTING.md from lein script
gpa, not gpg
suggested edits
Added gpg note for windows users
Add downgrade as first-class alias.
Back to snapshot.
Release 2.5.2
Ensure release can be done from clean work tree
Update NEWS.md
Cleanup files after test.
Do not include repl deps as test deps, fixes #1771
Bump reply to 0.3.7
Document how to replace default repl dependencies
Allow ^:displace'ing clojure dep in :repl profile
Load dependencies in repl outside of projects
Allow tools.nrepl and cc to be project deps again
Add link to Lucene query syntax tutorial, re #1927
Update TUTORIAL.md, ref #1927
Update docs - SCP deploy to clojars not supported
Changed xml escaping to use commons.lang.StringEscapeUtils.escapeXml()
add simple test for certificate processing.
PLUGINS.md: Clarify some things
added fix for components.xml merging.  If the description tag contained embedded html, it needs to be escaped in the resulting merged components.xml.
Add support for reader conditional files (cljc)
Bump cheshire dependency.
Upgrade clojure dependency to 1.7.0
Bump nrepl dependency.
Use $() over ``.
Quote those single-arguments properly.
Escape variable so script does not break on space in username
Display error message and error out only when using fast trampoline
Use recommended way of detecting command in $PATH
Check for other SHA1 implementations in $PATH
Update PLUGINS.md
Update PLUGINS.md
one last wafer-thin tweak
minor wording tweaks
more sweeping changes
slight tweak
try to get checkout dependency tree looking right
try to get checkout dependency tree looking right
documented two gotchas in checkout dependencies
Refactor main/drop-partial-args
Provide another option for `lein new` to specify template version
Give priority to global leinrc file
Add /etc/leinrc to lein-pkg script
Add /etc/leinrc to lein script
Reorder jar/pom generation for deploy, fixes #1821
Chas isn't wasting time, I can tell you that.
Add note on jar naming in whitelisted keys for jar
Ensure gpg outputs English messages
Add info on AOT quirks to the FAQ, re #1858.
Bump standalone nrepl version as well, ref #1861.
Add note on where to direct PRs.
Avoid wrapping shell pipes in writers, fixes #1857
Bump reply dep to 0.3.6
Bump nREPL dep to 0.2.8
cleaxure has gone too far
Whitelist :uberjar-name and :jar-name to allow propagation to uberjar
bail-out logic
We're in 2015 now.
Move read-checkouts to project module and make it public
Stringify run args by default, closes #1835.
Added Artifactory to the list of repository managers
Update README.md
Normalize most sequence arguments to vectors
Second iteration to get the "failed to download" behavior right.
Adding a better description of what may be the issue with a failed download. Also adding some possible fixes options.
Reorder the possible HTTP proxies to use to download Leiningen from GitHub. The new sequence is: PowerShell, Curl and then Wget.
Clarify how to build Lein from source, ref #1828.
Bump nrepl version, fixes #1829.
Add example for artifact classifiers. Closes #1589
Remove "Main-Class" if :main is nil, closes #1814.
Add typehint to `class` param passed to Reflector/invokeStaticMethod
fixed formatting for renderer
updated doc string to describe render-fn
provide ability to supply a custom rendering function
remove solution from DEPLOY.md and specifically mention gpg 1.4.12 in GPG.md.
avoid duplicate entries in manifest
improve formatting
add writings in the docs to solve gpg: can't query passphrase in batch mode error.
Be explicit about array type.
reverting to previous jar.clj
Don't require port for drawbridge URLs
Consistent capitalization of "Leiningen"
Sorry 1.x, but we've moved on.
Bump version to 2.5.2-SNAPSHOT.
Update self-install URL in bat file too.
Release 2.5.1
Github is being dumb and disallowing .jar uploads.
Update NEWS.
Don't skip the certificate checking in lein.bat, geeeeeeeeez.
Translated Plugin page to Japanese.
Emphasise on password visibility in console.
remove pom changes
Add gitignore to ignore all mercurial related files and hgignore all git related files
Add hgignore for programmer prefer mercurial DRCS
Correct relative priority of profiles.clj and project.clj in Merging docs
Use main/abort instead of throwing exception in clean.
Don't pass through :doc on alias metadata propagation.
Account for absolute target paths
An alternative fix for #1721 to clean all profile paths
Add test for cleaning spliced target path
Check write permissions in lein jvm, fixes #1775.
Improve with-write-permissions macro.
Add :pass-through-help documentation.
Remove reference to "lein help new"
Correct classpath separator config
with->on
Clarify .lein-classpath usage with plugin deps
Check write permissions before writing .nrepl-port
Mention pom XML still needs to validate.
Check if project data is available where needed for deploy tasks
Add with-write-permissions macro and use it in leiningen.jar/jar to check for correct permissions
remove clean targets for all profiles
Don't change order of included profiles; fixes #1740
Check :manifest before using default :main.
Bump stencil to 0.3.5.
Expose version-satisfies?. Shouldn't be internal.
Another silly flatten that could be a mapcat
Got rid of silly uses of apply and flatten
Updated help text for `test`
make it clearer that the :signing key is first-level
(#1695) Respect priority when merging defaults
(#1695) Add failing test for repository replace
Add LEIN_NO_USER_PROFILES to sample.project.clj
Use require-resolve in update-in for function.
Update NEWS and clarify uses of GPG.
Remove debug line when calling `lein deps`
Bump to version 2.7 (latest) of Maven wagon-http.
Upgrade `wagon-http` to version 2.6
fixed #1719  - uses read-line for reading password, if no console is available
fix typo: had ben -> had been
Avoid setting SCRIPT to empty string
Add regression test for file.encoding override
leiningen.test.jar now covers array-of-pairs maps and sections
Back to snapshot.
Remove println
Allow multiple repl task profiles
Add profiles-with-matching-meta
Preserve metadata on profiles from profiles.clj
More readable and consistent spacing
Manifest sections example & doc
Manifest sections example & doc
Implemented non-map manifest and sections
Revert "Grant non-project profile access to with-profile"
Add tests for with-profile
Factor out default-project
with-project returns values for all profile groups
Use SimpleDateFormat instead of #inst (flaky)
Release 2.5.0
Depend directly on nrepl/clojure-complete.
Bump nREPL version to 0.2.6
Remove base dependencies for lein checkouts.
Set env var if .lein-fast-trampoline exists.
Release lein-pprint 1.1.2, allows running outside projects.
Allow update-in task to run outside projects.
Uberjar profile needs to be leaky too.
Propagate metadata on composite profiles
Bump to 2.5.0-SNAPSHOT.
A few documentation changes.
Rename :core-default to :leiningen/default.
Add profile metadata
Test higher order aliases.
Implement higher order aliases, closes #1678.
Use plugin name for reading profiles for now.
Call load-plugins twice to fix chicken/egg problem.
Revert addition of :downstream profile.
Allow JVM file.encoding to be overridden by anything.
Move $LEIN_JVM_OPTS farther down (override all but cp and lein*)
Show pedantic warnings and use profile merging to let deps :tree warn correctly
Update bin/release with more checks.
Update NEWS.md file.
Move :auto-clean to jar task.
Revert "Apply profiles from middleware in main"
Improve docs for default profiles.
Make leiningen.core.project/read init the project.
Rename :project profile to :downstream.
Allow LEIN_JVM_OPTS to override -Dfile.encoding.
Document in-plugin profiles.
Expand builtin profile docs in README
Use warn instead of println for warnings.
Make LEIN_SILENT suppress compile messages.
Bump nREPL & REPLy versions (to 0.2.5 & 0.3.5)
Add :project profile to PROFILES.md
Restore previous order of dependencies in pom
Allow profiles to be loaded out of plugins.
Remove :scope from sample.project.clj.
Add warning if classifier specifies :dependencies
Add simple test for :project profile in pom
Apply profiles from middleware in main
Add a :project profile
Prioritise compilation of namespaces backed by files
Allow https links for drawbridge integration
Allow 'repl :connect' to read args from file
Move :pedantic setting to default map; displace it.
Add lein deps :implicits subtask.
seq? -> sequential? to be able to handle vectors in pom/relativize
Check if mktemp is available before using it.
Check if in a lein project before ns completion
Update zsh tasks from latest leiningen release
Clarify what "last one" means for profile override
Bump pedantic version
Extract version parsing function out of parse-semantic-version.
That was terrible advice.
Document using unquote in :dev profile for OS-specific config.
Don't read git files if they are unreadable.
Preserve metadata during clj->sjacket conversions.
How to opt out from "Main-Class: clojure.main"
Bump reply version for drawbridge->nrepl exclusion
Bump version number up to 2.4.4-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.4.3
Revert "Check that exactly one (existing) source file is found per namespace when compiling"
News for 2.4.3.
Allow implicit hooks/middleware to be disabled.
Bump REPLy for "standalone" (non-nREPL) bugfixes
Only apply #1569 fix to :base profile.
Make base profile's deps defer to raw :dependencies in pom.
Failing test for #1569.
switching to https for the central repo
Add LEIN_NO_USER_PROFILES to avoid user profiles
Print compile error stacktraces as they occur
read-eval example provided in PROFILES.md
Don't depend on unsigned jakarta-regexp lib.
Clarified first-time install instructions
use call to run wget and curl
Update clj-http from 0.6.5 to 0.9.2
Don't wrap `:signing` in a map in the docs.
Added a unit test for the Main-Class warning in write-jar
Added a warning message when the Main-Class does not exist within the jar file.
remove heardcoded dash from prefix.
fix 'lein vcs tag' to actually use prefix.
Clarify :mirrors naming requirement.
Default to warning when version ranges are present.
when opening a JarFile, report name of file in any errors
avoid creating dir only if it is \".\"
Remove inline code blocks
Remove citations and change 'voice'
fix #1581 - do not try to create an existing directory
Update lein-pkg version number.
Document some common issues with GPG on Mac OSX
Check that exactly one (existing) source file is found per namespace when compiling
Ignore SIGINT sent to an interactive repl server
Add issues.clj for programmatic issue summary.
Use leiningen.core.project's idea of default repositories
Support pairseqs in profiles :plugin-repositories
Remove unneeded call to `resolve`
Explicitly exit in trampolined repl.
Allow opting out of :main for jars.
Update new key expiry dates.
Bump version to 2.4.3-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.4.2
NEWS for 2.4.2.
Bump version to 2.4.2-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.4.1
Move make-project-properties to leiningen.core.project.
Update NEWS for 2.4.1.
Switch order of args in git vcs commit.
Document pom.properties.
Write pom.properties in :prep-tasks, not during jar creation.
Document how to use bundled clojars.pem in case of CA problems.
Put a newline in between META-INF/services/ entries.
Don't load clojars cert in default project map.
Update bundled clojars.pem.
Lazy-load leiningen.core.ssl.
correct Unnecessary capitalization
Add regression test for #1555
Improve profile coverage in sample.project.clj.
Don't meta-merge a project into itself.
For some reason when running from an uberjar, it's on the cp twice.
Also need to bump the version here.
Bump to 2.4.1-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.4.0
Use GitHub releases.
Release date.
Support vcs tag prefix.
Allow project map to override :vcs.
Bump reply version to get jline fixes
Document partial alias splicing.
Allow project values to be spliced into alias invocations.
Read uberjar filename after uberjar profile is merged.
Remove bogus test.
This is a no-op for the vast majority of users.
Remove repo aliasing from deploy task; already done elsewhere.
Trim long lines in deploy task.
Rule 1: if you can use juxt, you use juxt.
Auto-require namespace from :repl-options :caught.
Add special-case for release task to prefer plugin if present.
Allow for plugins to override built-in tasks.
Document :repl-options :caught. Refs #799.
Don't bump patch version in alpha/beta/rc bumps.
remove unnecessary quote escaping in composite profile example
Initialize the project to activate middleware, etc
signatures should match other defmethods
lein vcs TASK gives non-stacktrace message when unknown vcs.
Add a :pom-location option to fix #1541
Pass a stringed symbol into bump-version instead of a keyword.
Improve error message to change when args aren't all readable strings.
Formatting fix.
Point to the right help text in deploy auth message.
Avoid need for double-escaping in :release-tasks.
Technically :alpha, :beta, and :rc aren't semantic levels.
Update NEWS.md.
Support :alpha, :beta, and :rc bump levels.
Pass arguments to f in change task through the reader.
Encourage use of main/info and friends for plugin output.
Clean up deploy repository aliasing to work with both :repositories entries.
Propagate args to `lein vcs push` to underlying command.
Move level parsing to release task function. Default to :patch.
Reword a few things in deploy.md.
Ensure project.clj is written to project root.
Use sjacket.parser/space-nodes instead of enumerating them ourselves
Enable simple aliasing in :deploy-repositories.
Document the release task.
Removed unused function
Simplified change to use existing code
Use existing helper instead
Disable problematic but non-essential test
Aggressive resolve policy for lein.change functions
Silence warn calls when LEIN_SILENT is set.
Make bump-version work with strings and default to bound *level*.
Update :git commit method.
Update `leiningen.change` tests to use real `bump-version`
Reappropriate `bump-version` function for `lein.change` usability
Implement artifact/group-id editability
Whitespace and test group merge
Skip anaemic helper
Update `collapse-fn` tests to illustrate argument order
Minor changes for lein-release.
Document change task; stop using prime marks in local names.
Don't try to read non-forms in sjacket->clj.
Add special case for "set" arg in change task; fix change tests.
WIP: merge change task and release.
Implement more features, simplify interface
Add pending test for setting generic (nested) attributes
Attempt to make types transparent across sjacket boundary
Implement :release-tasks.
Change increment-version to add snapshots where appropriate.
Catch qualifier in version-map->string.
Automatically load methods for other leiningen.vcs systems.
Add assert-committed method to leiningen.vcs.
Follow separator convention, reorganise, and add some comments
Improve interface for changing project settings
Experiment with generic conventions
Set project version via sjacket
Add TOC to the tutorial
Lists duplicate keys in exception thrown
defproject throws an exception on duplicate keys
Clean up semver string parsing.
Remove SCM protocol stub.
Add test for version-map->string
Remove some unnecessary code.
Begin working on leiningen.release.
Add vcs task with subtasks.
Update raw.github.com links
Update bootstrap instructions, ref #1515.
Pick up a 'WARNING' that got missed
Use warn instead of info where applicable
Add ^:replace metadata to :aot [:all] normalization.
Check for :aot [:all] in jar task too.
Recommend `--` before template args, ref #1511
Use clojure.main for uberjars that don't declare their own :main.
Clarify that the default template is intended for libraries.
Check user profile's plugin-repositories when looking for templates.
Add structure of the newly created sample template
PROFILES.md: Tip to use composite profile
Update PROFILES.md
PROFILES.md - be really explicit about overriding
Prevent NPE when pedantic encounters dupe top-level deps to fix #1498
Check for key not found message from gpg 2.x as well.
Remove mention of :omit-default-repositories.
Normalize :aot :all to :aot [:all].
Emit success message after install.
Use dep-key for distinct call in pom task.
Be explicit about which .nrepl-port files to ignore
Ignore .nrepl-port wherever it is in the source tree
Include group in dedupe key to fix #1480
Flush output of exception error messages
Depend on latest Pomegranate, fixes #1447.
Document various ways to register wagon factories [fixes #1483]
Lock on *out* when printing during dependency fetches.
Make Leiningen (more) Eastwood-friendly.
added group-name to templates.clj
Correcting errors that used to be :sources-paths in plugin document.
Create new tests for use of --force option
Update help text for -new- task
Handle :force option in ->files function
Minor formatting fix
Reword error message from `lein upgrade`.
Print error message when `upgrade` is unavailable.
Add workaround for #1480.
Expand profiles before [un]merging them, re #1421
run travis tests with oraclejdk8
Allow searching on multiple fields at once
Document :clean-non-project-classes and reword help output.
Bump all Clojure 1.5.1 deps to 1.6.0.
Do not depend on map ordering in tests.
Consistent comment style.
Add -XX:-OmitStackTraceInFastThrow to default JVM opts.
Adapt template template so that the #1409 fix doesn't break new templates.
Tell Bultitude not to ignore unreadable namespaces in test/check.
Failing test for #1409.
Slightly more homogeneous test project names
lein run: don't catch app errors as require errors
Yank gen-class definition from extstream.clj into search.clj; remove extstream.clj
Finishing touches
Subclass java.io.InputStream via gen-class.  Does not print progress yet, but does correctly download all search indices
Document reply's :skip-default-init option
Implement search download progress reporting
Don't call concat
Oh no, slimed!
Check :pass-through-help on vector aliases too, not just final var.
Use more meaningful data in test-task-args-help-pass-through.
Document :pass-through-help in plugin guide.
Add exclusions for cd-client.
Clarify :warn-on-reflection deprecation warning.
Dereference vector aliases in task-args.
Use a real lein task in pass-through-help tests, not funky var magic.
Don't require :pass-through-help to be a boolean.
Modify task-args to support pass-through-help meta.
Make repl tests resilient to having .nrepl-port file in pwd.
Support for overriding :clean-targets sanity checking (issue #1458). Also made unit tests safer and faster using with-redefs to mock out calls to delete-file-recursively. Better error messages when a path is being protected.
Making new methods private for issue #1458
Removed (run-tests) call that was being used for interactive REPL testing
Partial implementation of fix for :clean-targets sanity checking (issue #1458)
Update docstrings for repl and uberjar tasks based on feedback from hyPiRion
Initial happy-path unit tests for the clean task. Relates to #1458
Warn once when project.clj in checkout is missing.
Test that :java-opts are converted to :jvm-opts.
Test that profile metadata is retained.
Backquote uberjar-merge-with vector.
2.3.3 -> 2.4.0-SNAPSHOT.
Revert license back to official EPL; addresses #1446.
Don't show the "Suppressed exit" message when exit is called
send stack trace through to the nREPL client
Optional msg argument to leiningen.core.main/exit. Use it for abort.
Propagate eval-in-project exit code in run task to lein's process.
Only exit if there are errors
Filter out directories matching readme/license prefix
Update TUTORIAL.md
Also expand the built-in default profiles.
mention all files created by the project generator
Decompose `with-profile` args not containing +/-.
Handle bultitude returning full `ns` form instead of just symbol.
Lower read time out for wagon-http
Rename sample alias to something sensible.
Don't use /tmp when LEIN_FAST_TRAMPOLINE is enabled.
Revert "Fall back to defn-level help summaries if ns-level are not found."
Update plugin guide.
Fall back to defn-level help summaries if ns-level are not found.
update bultitude dependency to 0.2.5
Add nREPL URL to output along side the human readable message
Updated TUTORIAL.md for Leiningen 2.3.4.
Properly initialize read profiles.
Properly setup profiles within project map.
Drag out common map setup functionality.
Remove dead :jvm-opts lookup
Pull out empty meta-merge defaults.
Load plugins and activate middleware in update-in.
Bump copyright year.
Revert "Rely less on undocumented features"
Rely less on undocumented features
Test edit distance function.
Implement Damerau-Levenshtein, closes #1119.
Upgrade stencil and exclude core.cache.
RyanTM and I reduced the run time of the 'lein help' command by making it just parse the task source code files instead of actually requiring/compiling them (second try).
fix DRIP_INIT not being set when LEIN_JAVA_CMD is drip
Update remaining 2 "great documentation" links
Point "great documentation" link to new URL
Distinct test directories before requiring
Add LEIN_SILENT option to suppress *info* output
Make "/etc/leiningen" profile inclusion clearer.
Block upgrades in bin/lein-pkg.
Update man page.
Print "already up-to-date" on upgrade if that's the case.
Bump version number back to a snapshot.
Release 2.3.4
Accept both orderings of args in :show subtask of new.
Support :keyword args in leiningen.core.main/parse-options.
Suggest exclusions for overrides. Closes #1198.
Clean up dependency-str weirdness of version calculation.
Add exclusion suggestions for version ranges.
Move parse-options test, fix typo.
Move parse-options into leiningen.core.main for general use.
Add a flag to allow SNAPSHOT template versions
Better error messaging when we try to load a broken template
Refactor lein new argument parsing
Minor TUTORIAL fix
Reformat FAQ.md's markdown to be a little more shell-friendly.
Clarify order-dependent conflict resolutions.
Escape classpath separators.
Update sample.project.clj and NEWS.md.
Bump reply version
Don't print with-profile output when only one profile is invoked.
Retain whitelisted keys for the eval/prep phase.
Update dependency name in profile example
Support nested `do` chains, remove implicit help.
Mention `lein deps` in the tutorial.
Account for repl urls with paths [fixes #1344, again]
More nuanced merging of project defaults.
task pom / :pom-plugins - bug fixed: extra <configuration> tag
Bump version up to 2.3.4-SNAPSHOT.
task pom / :pom-plugins added backward compatibility with version 2.3.3
changed syntax of :pom-plugins definition for pom task
Release 2.3.3
Update news
Add a test for gpg keys and ssl cert expiry.
Implement `:uberjar-merge-with` requested in issue #973.
Abort with a nicer message when neither port nor .nrepl-port is provided
Fallback to .nrepl-port for 'repl :connect' subtask
More descriptive error message for nonexistant ns.
Better error message for bad -m args.
Don't warn about user profiles when running outside a project.
Use profile-scoped targets in app template.
Use more descriptive local name.
Maven plugins are now supported by :pom-plugins to avoid name conflict with Leiningen :plugins vector.
Added support of maven plugins in project.clj.
Don't add alias-help as public API in lein.help.
Add alias explanations for `lein help task`.
Add in a :plugin-tree test.
Implement `lein deps :plugin-tree`, closes #1314.
`lein install` may not be needed if `lein` can find the library in another repository.
Slight clarification to checkout dependency usage
Handle stdin for :eval-in :nrepl.
Allow default eval-in dispatch value to be changed with a defmethod.
Remove usage of soon-to-be legacy API in nrepl.
Add ^:skip-aot as default for app template.
fix #1309 - lein.bat now honors HTTP_CLIENT env var
Reenable java main run test.
Delete subdir directory.
Go from use->require.
Clean up helper docstrings.
Described *1-*3,*e in repl-welcome
Reorder the skip/added file check.
fix(jar): Add directory entries to the jar file
Bump version up to 2.3.3-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.3.2
prepare for 2.3.2 release
use ~/.s3cmd.lein.gpg for upload credentials
NEWS for 2.3.2.
Explain profile isolation in FAQ.
Encourage production use of uberjars over `lein run` in tutorial.
Discuss idempotency of hooks/middleware in plugin docs.
Rearrange .gitignore and remove windows line endings.
Attempt to force Aether to re-check for new versions of templates.
Mention setting :sign-releases false during deploy.
Add .nrepl-port to template .gitignores.
Rearrange sample.project.clj.
Roll back profile-scoped target path for now.
Add :exclusions to :base deps to avoid version conflict warnings.
Memoize pedantic-print-(ranges|overrides) by stringifying up front.
fix #1150 https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen/issues/1150
fix https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen/issues/1292
Better error messages for the namespace argument
Warn for projects which rely on implicit :aot via :main.
Re-enable implicit :aot via :main.
Add :aot :all to uberjar profile of app template.
Release 2.3.1
Update NEWS.
Improve coverage of profiles in tutorial and profiles doc.
Leave :provided out of target-isolation calculation paths altogether.
Support disabling :monkeypatch-clojure-test.
Typo.
Support downgrade as alias to upgrade.
Refer to checkout-deps-paths as a var instead of a raw fn.
Update lein to detect an empty HTTP_CLIENT variable prior to attempting to download
Special-case the :provided profile. Again.
Automate upload of uberjar and signature in bin/release.
2.3.0-SNAPSHOT -> 2.4.0-SNAPSHOT
Move down_load_failed_message before all usages
Bump back to snapshot.
Release 2.3.0
NEWS updates.
Normalize profiles before excluding; fixes #1267.
Allow -main to operate on project.clj files not in original cwd.
Add :eval-in :pprint for debugging Leiningen and plugins.
Save off project into an atom when trampolining for later use.
Issue #1276: cleanup wrong-arg-num err msg on 0-arg tasks
Typo fix.
Support literal strings in :clean-targets.
Issue #1272: Add :clean-targets option
Minor cleanup from PR feedback
Include licenses and readmes in jar.
Suggest using profiles to change project map in PLUGINS.md.
#1269: Skip tests differently when using :test-selectors
Refactor a couple reduces into a couple somes
Oops; typo.
Remove dependency on "useful" library for packaging purposes.
Add LICENSE file to project templates
com.hypirion.io 0.3.1 (1.6-compiled)
Bump com.hypirion.io to 0.3.0.
Properly document template tags.
News updates.
Mention +/- syntax and per-profile isolation in PROFILES.md.
Reword windows installer link.
Bump REPLy version for completion bug
Allow Oracle JDK 7 build to fail
Enable Oracle's JDK7
Build commits into any branch
Revert uberjar test back to std. name, ref #1260.
Calculate uberjar filename before merging uberjar profile.
Move provided profile merge to prep call in jar task.
Document LEIN_JVM_OPTS. Closes #1261.
Deprecate explicit self-install command in bin/lein.
Splice :version into :jar-name.
Scope :compile-path and :native-path under :target-path.
Scope :compile-path and :native-path under :target-path.
Re-word contributing message.
Remove lib directory from template gitignore.
:use -> :require in "template" template.
Make templates.clj conform to code conventions.
Support :pedantic? :abort/:warn.
Don't attach subprofiles to metadata map.
Expand composite profiles before removing them.
Default to recursive checkout deps.
Remove cruft remaining from older lein versions.
Empty :*-paths when running outside a project dir.
Fallback to the original behaviour on any error invoking git plumbing
Always return full SHA1 hash of HEAD
Fallback to original behaviour on IOException
Remove :target-path from :base profile.
Error message when aws creds are missing.
Move download-calculating script.
automate collection and reporting of current leiningen download statistics
Add resources dir to app template, ref #1016.
We always tend to forget one of these.
make sure get-jar-filename does the same preprocessing jar does.
Use EPL 1.0 or later in new project templates.
Replace bare println with main/info calls.
Don't blow up on test failures in `test-ns-hook`.
Narrower github readme means banner looks weird.
Reduce silly uberjar output.
fix typo in docstring
fix typos in docs
Use git's plumbing to lookup HEAD
Add FAQ entry on background procs. Closes #1173.
added suggestion to run `lein deploy clojars` after runing `lein deploy`
Keep init-file when using LEIN_FAST_TRAMPOLINE
Update FAQ to add entry about long-term performance
Set default :jvm-opts in :base profile to :displace
Secure handling of temporary trampoline file
Use single quotes in shell command
Delete the initfile when the subprocess exits, not when the Leiningen process exits
Use (pr-str form) to write form to init-file
Add in todos for 3.0.0.
use init-file (-i) instead of form (-e) when evaluating forms in subprocess.
Use nested strings in test-eval-in-project, refs #1203
Don't need this now with read-edn.
Include host in nrepl start message.
Remove mention of 1.x in readme.
Point to the djpowell installer for Windows.
gpg-agent caching is time-bounded.
Normalize line endings in slurp-resource
copy-to-jar :bytes needs to unix-path the :path
Add Host as arg to "repl :start" and "repl :headless" commands.
add documentation on `lein search` options to tutorial.
README - Update Windows install instructions
Suggestion on when you have to set the 'http_proxy' variable
CLASSPATH space-tolerant
Move to using LEIN_JVM_OPTS for cygwin UnixTerminal
FAQ update.
Style notes in CONTRIBUTING.md.
Bump back to snapshot.
Release 2.2.0
Only use when for side-effects.
Add custom-help to reply-options expectation
Allow trampoline repl without specifying init-ns
Not using todo.org any more; just grep for TODO.
Support custom repl :welcome message.
Bump REPLy to 0.2.0
Terribly minor improvement to the previous commit
Add back support for java classes in :main
Don't try static methods on `lein run`: better error msg
Don't print nrepl server info on trampoline exit
Send init code to trampoline repl as well
Replace launch-standalone/launch-nrepl with launch
Quote repl options for trampoline
Use RELEASE instead of a version range when resolving templates.
Update GPG.md
Clarify that pcmpl-lein.el is not part of Leiningen.
News updates.
Slashes are used here even on Windows it seems.
Support :bootclasspath in :java-agents.
Looooooong liiiiiines.
Clean up sanitize-repo-name.
Don't use two-clause cond.
fix repo name should not contain path delims under windows so test won't fail all tests pass under windows
Preliminary support for :java-agents.
Hold back on :aot :all in the uberjar profile till 3.0.
Some todos.
Don't block :user profile from ~/.lein/profiles.d.
Make uberjar use the filename returned by jar instead of recalculating.
oops still forgot some parens on their own line
fix 2 test failures which only showed on windows
moving 2 functions from utils to helper merged all commits to date which required adding "dev-resources" so a test wouldn't fail `bin\lein test` tested under windows (currently 2 failures and 1 error)
Make profile-scope-target-path work with anonymous profiles.
Scope :target-path by profile unless it's the default (:base).
.gitignore some eclipse generated files + others
Default to writing repl-port in ~/.lein when outside projects.
Remove prefix clauses and :use from ns.
fix some path errors in windows tests lein test still has 2 failures and 1 error after this. normalize-path should now handle absolute *nix paths correctly under windows addresses #1176
Deploy ad-hoc files.
Bump nrepl & clojure-complete dependencies
Delete .leiningen-cmdline tempfiles when complete
two strings were one for windows x86_64 test
Don't create target/classes unless we're in an actual project.
Remove stray println.
#1166: reinstate support for :licenses, :licence, :licences
Work around completely bonkers test failure.
Correctly add extra test classpath to generated pom
Stop claiming sample.project.clj is exhaustive
Better at knowing what get-dependencies calls have been memoized
Set *command-line-args* in lein run.
Some more don't-warn-when-missing profiles.
Add :repl to list of don't-warn-when-missing profiles.
memoize get-dependencies
Handle folders with spaces in their names (under windows) Show error message when parent folders(LEIN_ROOT) contain semicolon in their names and require that .lein-bootstrap be recreated in this case. Semicolon in files/folder names is not supported even though windows allows such names.
get \leiningen-core\.lein-bootstrap paths properly in windows else getting: Error: Could not find or load main class clojure.main
bootstrap typo in lein.bat
Make error messages in project/read refer to correct file
Update offline test metadata & run configuration
Don't bother trying to save the same source files
Add warnings when some dependencies are ignored for deps :tree
Add support for executable files to lein new templates
Rename `hooks` to `activate` in hooks code sample
Escape quotes for Java versions below 7
Allow bootstrap from batch file
Stop pretending shell is a reasonable language
Handle cygwin jline issues
Isolate OSTYPE checks for cygwin a bit
Back to 2.2.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.1.3
News updates for 2.1.3.
Document :middleware in sample project.
Adapt tests to code change
Don't read directly from user profile
Don't explicitly check user profile in repl task it should have already been merged
Revert "project.clj setting overrides profile setting"
Populate project-map meta when outside project // cherry-picked from master
project.clj setting overrides profile setting // fixes #1128
Populate project-map meta when outside project // fixes #1129
Support :ack-port config option
repl task: use specified ack ports in :headless subcommand
Print doc for aliases if provided, closes #1116.
Update sample project.clj to use Clojure 1.5.1
fixes #1123: mirrors can get credentials using gpg
Add no-proxy to news.
update-in: use resolve-and-apply (honor aliases)
We always forget this, for some strange reason.
update-in: improve docstring
update-in: vary meta project :without-profiles
update-in: improve docstring
update-in: vary meta project :without-profiles
Allow for spaces in download locations
Improve error messages when reading user profiles.
same require update for the app template
update tests template to :require from :use
Update docs with semantic change for profiles.d
Formatting in test code
Clarify docstring
Test options-for-reply
Better error message for unknown subcommand
align repl host resolution with port resolution
Use user/getenv to allow mocking in test
Argh; forgot NEWS for 2.1.2. Here it is.
Back to 2.2.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.1.2
Add a note about testing the repl task.
Use `file.separator` in pom path relativization.
Move default :test-selectors to :leiningen/test profile.
Move Tiered Compilation to LEIN_JVM_OPTS and document.
Add support for no_proxy environment variable
GPG doc updates.
Add tests for IObj vs. non IObjs merging.
Allow IObjs to be cmp. to non IObjs when merging.
Only try to open file when needed in lein-version.
Tests for repl
More reordering + make testable fns public
Extract connect-string function
Reorder defs
Fetch version from `pom.properties`
Provide a default version for leiningen
Change sample project file for global vars
Add way to set global vars (*assert*, *warn-on-reflection*, etc.) through config key :global-vars.
Major rework to properly honor options
Minor style improvements
:require clojure.string + improve readability
Nicer opt-port
Add guard rails for `lein new` newline handling.
Change line endings for `lein new` on Windows.
Make slurp-resource 2.0.0-compatible again
Remove diagnostic println
Allow ":" as root path for update-in
Correcting typos in docs
Reorganize most of repl.clj.
update-in: simplify splitting of args
Remove unused fn args
Reorder defns as needed to compile
Simplify signature of start-server
Remove warn-chaining
Delete duplicate code
Update messages for bootstrapping lein in scripts.
Recover gracefully from compile-erroring init-ns
Don't use backtick in error messages.
Clarify that ~/bin is only a good choice if it's on the path.
Revert "Changed installation path recommendation in README."
Changed installation path recommendation in README.
Bump version back to 2.2.0-SNAPSHOT
Release 2.1.1
Newsies.
Add :test-paths to :checkout-deps-shares.
Allow run task to operate outside project directory.
Mention JDK 6+ requirement in README
Bump version numbers to 2.2.0-SNAPSHOT.
Update update_in.clj
Grant non-project profile access to with-profile
Unify & expand the profile list for show-profiles
Oh yeah... would have helped to catch that five minutes ago.
Release 2.1.0
Update NEWS.md.
Look for bare maps in ~/.lein/profiles.d/*; disallow :user there.
Remove tests-in-src; tidy up compilation-specs.
Adjust compile task to make use of regex fns
fix error in test introduced in 43581e2
document user-visible changes addressing #898
update java.library.path based on :native-prefix, addressing #898
Bump cheshire, slingshot, and pomegranate deps.
Don't blow up when test eval-in-project doesn't return a number.
Tag tests which require network access.
Remove outdated link to GitHub downloads page.
#949 Allow specification of artifact signing key.
Move gpg setup notes from DEPLOY to GPG [fixes #1073]
A few more news entries.
Formatting in tasks.
Exclude in update-in task.
Formatting for leiningen-core files.
Bootstrap leiningen-core with the base profile only.
Prefer ^:private to closing over an atom.
Warn when system profiles contain :repositories.
Add :system to list of profiles applied by default.
always process trampolines, even when used in aliases and higher-order tasks remove unused leiningen.trampoline-file system property
use an appropriate location for system profiles on windows move os detection into leiningen.core.utils
ensure only one set of quotes around java command in trampolines
credentials-fn != credentials
Bugfix: Restrict repo credential lookup to known keys.
Remove unneeded bindings around consolidated gpg.
Add notice about 'help gpg' to error output.
Link the GPG doc to 'help gpg'
Add GPG doc.
Mention lein test takes file args
Exception only when needed to read from console.
Exception as side-effect.
Include LEIN_VERSION in LEIN_FAST_TRAMPOLINE files.
Add section about tests in CONTRIBUTING.md
Disable :prep-tasks in out-of-project runs.
Rename update task to update-in.
Use :user profile when running outside project root.
Add expected :input-stream in repl test.
Don't read input when calling GPG.
Drag out piping logic to com.hypirion.io
Bump dependency on com.hypirion.io
The :base profile makes no sense outside a project.
Replace `lein help deploy` with `lein help gpg`.
Simplify handling of LEIN_JAVA_CMD to support parens in paths, such as with "Program Files (x86)"
Add back wget and curl support as a fallback for users without powershell.
Handle the case where gpg isn't installed; consolidate gpg usage.
Update to bultitude 0.2.2 across the board.
Load key-manager-properties from user profile as well.
added default-key-manager that emulates the default JSSE behaviour.
Rearrange repl task for greater clarity.
Document requirement of test selectors to come at the end.
Document :java-cmd and improve update task's docstring.
Manually memoize to be able to warn when needed.
Rebind only when needed.
No need to pump in for check either.
No need to pump from sysin for javac.
Use RevivableInputStream to avoid blocking reads.
Send bytes as received for correctness.
Oops; missed a reference to get-jar-filename.
Add news about interrupt-on-repl-input
Bump clj-http version.
Move checking of LEIN_OFFLINE into defaults map to lower priority.
Suppress stack traces when dependencies can't resolve.
Geez how did I forget THAT.
Point people to the right place for bootstrapping instructions.
News updates.
Add update task for arbitrary project map transformations.
When l.c.classpath/get-dependencies fails, it now propagates the root exc
Tidy up a few tests
Go back up a directory for travis test run
Send https proxy property down to subprocesses
Specify :root in repl test so the stub works
Use Clojure 1.5.1 in lein new templates
Warn on version ranges for deps :tree
Add alias for bootstrap in leningen-core
added support for windows/msys
Bump Clojure to 1.5.1
Allow use of mirrors when building a jar.
fix :checkout-deps-shares to work with non-project-key fns, fixes gh-1049
Update sample.project.clj
Make core templates use Clojure 1.5
upgrade bultitude from 0.1.7 to 0.2.1 else compilation fail on windows (at least)
Recover gracefully from java :main as repl init-ns
Move (:root project) docs next to the section on :no-project-needed
Document (:root project)
Consistently use (:root project) to check whether we are running in a project
Call setWriteable on file before trying to delete it. Relates to [#460]
Only register wagons from each file once
add a per-dependency :native-prefix, addressing #898
Update .travis.yml to bootstrap with lein1.
Allow Leiningen checkout to be bootstrapped from 2.x.
[#975] Deploy task should accept repo URL with credentials in it
Workaround for :test-selectors and #878.
Replace curl/wget usage in lein.bat with powershell.
Move default test selectors to base profile.
Better error message for #1017; make sure "clojure" can never be used as a project name
Add tests for #1017
Moving Tiered Compilation to the dev profile.
Stop tiered compilation at 1 in project JVM.
add resources dir to default new template, close #1016
minor fix to search: "group (aliased as g)"
Revert "Logging warnings to stderr and editing for consistency"
Output task not found messages to *err*
Force usage of newer dynapath until pomegranate updates.
Tweak tutorial.
fix tests broken by change in error format
Log classpath files at debug in get-classpath
Update src/leiningen/with_profile.clj
Add in old fns to avoid breakage in plugins.
Resolve failing test introduced by *warn*.
Replace `main` ns with `log` where forgotten.
Logging warnings to stderr and editing for consistency
Add test cases for warn-user-repos and fix
Add LEIN_SUPPRESS_USER_LEVEL_REPO_WARNINGS
remove abort in new task which was for lein1 compatability
new task generates in current directory by default, close #989
add new task tests for other templates, fail case and :show
documenting and testing --to-dir option for new task
Make :only work with namespaces too.
Add examples of new keys to sample.project.clj.
Make sure metadata is propagated.
Rewrite only-install-snapshots as install-releases?
Add a comment about the need for with-local-vars
Add a simple alias mechanism for :repositories and :deploy-repositories.
Move back to using a var, since nREPL needs it
Bump reply version
document global options in help task, close #1005
Rethink :only-deploy-master and generalize it for a set of branches.
Add an :only-install-snapshots option that prevents `lein install` of non-snapshots.
Add :only-deploy-master option to prevent deploys from non-master branches.
Add never-deploy-snapshots option.
upgrade to bultitude 0.2.1 to stop relying on bultitude private fns
Re-enable :skip-aot.
Improve boot time by limiting tiered compilation.
add doc for #1000, mention :all for tests
remove failing report test that is no longer valid
allow `lein test` to take file args
test for test command aborting on invalid namespace
add missing tests for common test command invocations
update links to docs rc->stable
Add Sonatype OSS snapshots repo for pomegratate.
Remove report to get rid of redundant information.
Allow :classifiers to point to top-level profile names.
Allow building of jars with classifiers
Formatting in repl.clj.
Update tests to remove :custom-init.
Replace with-local-vars with a gensym.
Don't require set-descriptor! in lein; only used inside project.
Remove obsoleted tests
Raise reply version to 0.1.10-SNAPSHOT
Add middleware to set init-ns in nrepl session
defn init-ns
Remove def leiningen.repl.config/project-map
Adapt repl tests
Try to start repl even if some requires fail
Longer repl connect timeout
def leiningen.repl.config/project-map for nrepl clients
require init-ns unconditionally
Perform init unconditionally
update test subcommand doc to have a realistic example
document ns tagging and :only features of test subcommand
Add tests for prioritized repos.
Pick prioritized value in add-repo if there is one
Move prioritized picks out of meta-merge.
Simplify deploy
Add experimental support for :eval-in :nrepl.
Print command to run a single failing test above its output.
Implement `symlink?`.
Found a couple more shell invocations.
Use -- to treat filenames as non-option args to gpg.
adding message to set HTTP_PROXY and HTTPS_PROXY for those behind a firewall
Remove superfluous exclusion of slf4j
Make profile aliases available outside projects.
fix https://github.com/Raynes/lein-newnew/issues/60 - preserve project map in a dynamic var for lein-newnew
Work around CLJ-1153 in the default app template.
update tutorial to correctly reference app template
add tests for helpful renderer msgs, handle no args case
have new renderer abort with a more helpful message
point to correct docs for a local lein checkout
Remove directory part of root-path when copying jar, re #953.
"De-regexify" trim-leading.
Document profiles.d functionality.
Add support for ~/.lein/profiles.d. Closes #871.
Memoize user/profiles.
a typo
Update sample.project.clj
Add download log parsing code.
Update URL to Tim Pope's "vim-foreplay"
Bump to using leiningen-core 2.1.0-SNAPSHOT rather than just 2.0.0
Remove mention of preview from docs; use stable branch.
Bump to 2.1.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.0.0.
News and FAQ about implicit repl deps.
Bump REPLy version to handle bad input
Remove some unnecessary regular expressions from the templates util ns.
Allow implicit repl profiles to be overridden with namespaced names.
Accept :main in addition to -m in run task.
Add a faq entry about implicit repl deps.
Doc rewording for checkout deps.
Clarify wording of checkout dependencies in tutorial.
Add pom.xml.asc and .lein-repl-history to lein new gitignores.
Bump REPLy for parsing things like "\ "
Add bin/lein-pkg to the list of files that get version substitutions.
Add newlines at end of template files
Bump REPLy & nREPL for Calendar print & regex read
NEWS for RC2.
Emit warning when user profile is in project files
Add tests to check ^:replace/^:displace behaviour.
Prioritize metadata from :replace-vals and suppress from :displace.
Back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.0.0-RC2
Be less specific in hooke-injection.
Use default repos when non-nil project contains none.
Oops, got the nesting wrong on that last one.
Use default repositories for plugins when outside project.
Bump reply / nREPL versions for nREPL 0.2.0 final
"main/get-os" is supposed to be "eval/get-os" allows compiling lein from master now
Normalize profiles before merging them
Bump reply / nREPL versions
Oops; accidentally merged lein-newnew 0.3.6 instead of latest.
Docs for new.
newnew's not newnew anymore; it's just new.
Back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.0.0-RC1
Print checksum exceptions
Move resolution failure messages to catch block in get-dependencies.
Bump to latest lein-newnew.
Don't need to explicitly include clojars classic in project.clj.
Todos and news.
Don't refer folks to the Releases repository docs yet.
changed leiningen/test to allow the call into the clojure.test report to pass through the hook to  the original multimethod
Use `find .` instead of `tree` in the tutorial
Disable snapshots from maven central
Add debug logging to javac.
No tabs
Add a repo test case which actually merges repositories.
Add tests to ensure that repository merging works as intended.
Clarify the exit docstring.
No tabs!
Move contributing guidelines into their own file.
Don't conj :main during uberjar if :aot is :all.
Bump reply again for more sjacket fixes
Bump reply version
Exclusion to pacify lein-pedantic.
Bump default search page size up to 50.
Disable a test that requires Java 7.
Rename :post-preview selector to :disabled.
Better explanation of :pom-addition, a few more env vars in sample.
Update README.md
Update lein-pkg.
Skip git revision in pom.xml if empty git repo.
Use aether data to figure out repository id for listener output
Print checksum mismatch message
FAQ clarification around classpathy things and repos.
Stop using prefix lists in javac's :require.
Check compiler existence within javac subprocess.
Removes run task aliases within metadata. fix #882
Add :java-opts as an alias for :jvm-opts
Factor out selected-namespaces code to prevent walk-off-the-screenage.
Add capability for selectors to be two functions (one checks the ns, one the vars)
Update doc/TUTORIAL.md
Update tests to the new way of defining replacing repositories
Update the sample project to the new way of replacing repositories
export $SCRIPT as leiningen.script
Define selected-namespaces to make core more readable
Only run test namespaces that match a test selector
Allow project's git repository to be different than project root
Update with-profile to accept +/- prefixes
clarify maven repository terminology. Also,
Add documentation about the :port option when starting a headless REPL.
Handle malformed :port option gracefully.
omit redundant :no_upgrde snippet
add upgrade support to lein.bat master
don't propagate DRIP_INIT or DRIP_INIT_CLASS to subprocess
fixes code fence in plugin tutorial markdown
Bug fix for leading spaces in JVM_OPTS #856
Back to classic Clojars for a while.
Test :provided profile interpretation by the uberjar task.
Add :port option to headless repl task.
Add classic repo to Leiningen's own project.clj.
Move AOT of :main into uberjar task. Remove :skip-aot.
Better docstrings in leiningen-core.
Accept optional not-found arg in lookup-alias.
Accept ^:replace metadata on *env*; don't always want to merge.
Remove deprecated conj-dependencies function.
don't need a meta-merge to combine exclusion
a typo
fix bug when adding exclusions to dependencies with :displace metadata
Bump reply for (exit) fix
Allow for $LEIN_TRAMPOLINE_WARMUP.
Update news.
Remove compatibility shims and warnings in preparation for 2.0.0.
Tidy up user.clj and help.clj.
Avoid interleaving nREPL port info printing
Bump reply version for a couple of bugfixes
Bump reply and other repl-related versions
Finish getting path quoting right for boot classpath #828
OK, I knew that was too clever.
fix #836 trampoline EOF error, on windows
make trampoline work on windows applied the same fix that preview branch had ie. passing the trampoline file like this:  -Dleiningen.trampoline-file="%TRAMPOLINE_FILE%" ^
Add leiningen-core's pom.xml to fix #745.
Quote file paths: may contain spaces #828
bring back lein.bat from LF to CRLF
fix for previous commit to allow spaces in folder names ie. the passed path to -Dclojure.compile.path= should be inside double quotes
Pass default clojure.compile.path just like the bash script does should fix cases where uses of lein.bat would cause the use of /classes/ folder instead of /target/classes/ which resulted in some classes not being found ie. when compiling leiningen project from source
Clarify how librelist works.
Don't use colon in filename in when-stale.
Typo in profiles doc; resource is actually singular.
repl task needs to disable pumping *in*.
Pump *in* to subprocesses as well.
Clarify that project-level tasks are usually unnecessary.
Add a test for :only selector.
Rename cmd-selectors to given-selectors.
Remove an old comment.
Use destructuring to clean things up a bit.
Implement partial selectors and add a new default selector, :specific.
Remove legacy arg.
remove mention of github as typ values for :url
changed to keep preferred tag-line
doc/tut: various minor updates
add :repl-options :init into headless startup
Add sample.project.clj to the docs section
New README section: documentation
The name of the directory is irrelevant in checkouts.
A typo
Move checkout deps documentation to the tutorial, expand it with examples, change wording
Un-deprecate :auth profile since full-disk encryption is a good use case for it.
Alias `lein help project.clj` to `lein help sample`.
Add mixed projects to lein help static content.
Mention other languages in mixed-projects.
There's nothing wrong with re-using :source-paths for java.
New documentation guide: mixed Clojure/Java projects
keep track of :active-profiles when merging
switch with-profile to last-wins
move dependency and repository merging into meta-merge
add leiningen.core.project/make
rename profile-key-merge to meta-merge
move hooke-injection closer to where it is used
Minor tutorial improvements
Support subtask specific help via 'lein help task subtask'
docs update for changes to resolution of repository credentials (gh-768)
re-add support for :creds :gpg, add warning for anyone using e.g. :username :gpg to get all creds for a repo (gh-768)
Add support for:
Debug output in apply-task.
Improve trampoline help.
project.clj: add exclusion for sisu-inject-plexus
Include namespace metadata in test-selector predicates, fixes #242
Reverting "project.clj: add exclusion for sisu-inject-plexus"
project.clj: add exclusion for sisu-inject-plexus
Print message when installing jar locally.
support :os and :arch options in project map
always extract native deps from snapshot jars
use -classpath instead of -cp so that jdb can be used for :java-cmd
ignore things like .leinrc too
code reuse: context specific CLASSPATH is used checkout and non-checkout
use bash helper function add_path to setup classpath
Add bash function add_path for (class)path setup
Handle the default field case
Fail if the field we are searching over is unsupported
Print which field we are searching over
Allow searching over fields other than artifact id, fixes #243
Ignore all .lein\* files
Display a message before we update the search index
Add default REPL history file locations, per-project and globally
Make LEIN_OFFLINE take precedence over what's in project.clj
Bump clojure-complete dependency
If LEIN_OFFLINE env var is set, assume offline mode by default. References #678.
Honor :standalone in :repl-options.
fix typo in lein script
move setlocal first to prevent leaking it to parent shell in win7/xp However on win7 though (but not on winxp) all set variables inside script will be leaked if the script fails within another setlocal ie. set JAVA_CMD="ja"va" lein set Will show LEIN_HOME, LEIN_JAR and ORIGINAL_PWD remained set.
use LEIN_JAVA_CMD in lein.bat just as in the bash script just as @technomancy said in #774 if LEIN_JAVA_CMD is not set it will fall back to JAVA_CMD which in turn if it's not set it will fall back to just "java" (without dbl.quotes)
pass local-repo to install
Add a warning under project-specific tasks.
Mention the Gitorious mirroring and Travis tests.
fix for when JAVA_CMD is set to path containing double quotes addresses #774 script will still fail if it contains characters like >, <, |, & or even parentheses or an even number of double quotes ie. this will work: set JAVA_CMD="c:\program"" f""iles\java\jdk1."7.0_0"5\bin\java.exe" lein javac
fix truncated doc string for set-profiles
Wait no, that Postel's law invocation doesn't make sense.
Plugin -> Task
Little addition to plugins doc
Postel's law, I guess?
Reduce output for dependency resolution
Update leiningen-core/src/leiningen/core/project.clj
Include user profile repos for search outside project, issue #762
Use project/defaults for lein search, if needed. Issue #762
work with drip-stable, et al
REPL task cleans up repl-port file on shutdown
Only apply workaround to Windows bug when not trampolining.
Allow override of gpg executable using LEIN_GPG
Don't insert :deploy-repositories/:plugin-repositories keys without vals.
Propogates the file.encoding system property to subprocesses
add DRIP_INIT so lein will be faster when running with decaf
Clarify leiningen-core installation instructions
Don't suppress stack traces unless it was an explicit exit thrown.
Normalize format of :deploy-repositories and :plugin-repositories too.
Bump reply version for a few issues
Have lein.bat use local .lein-classpath.
Stupid bash typo.
News updates
Back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT. Next release will be RC1, for reals.
Release 2.0.0-preview10.
Load plugins based on default project so :repositories are available.
Consistently explain how to set insecure HTTP_CLIENT in bin/lein.
Bump back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.0.0-preview9.
news updates.
Document :provided profile.
Include :dev profile before :provided, giving :dev priority.
Perform de-duplication on :repositories.
Switch :repositories to vector format to preserve ordering.
forgot to switch plugin-vars calls to pass keywords
Include :provided profile when building JAR.
support disabling autoload of plugin hooks and middleware
remove unnecessary is inside of are expression
add breaking test for #742
Implement Maven "provided" scope with :provided profile.
use (get project key) to be consistent
Stop using project metadata for storing trampoline forms.
documentation for automatic plugin hooks and middleware
unify :hooks and :middleware format in project.clj
set-profiles it is. and it's a high-level operation.
Document profile merge logic a bit.
Rename with-profiles to reset-profiles.
Trim long lines in sample.project.clj.
* upgrade to nREPL 0.2.0-beta9 * :nrepl-* configuration moved under :repl-options * :nrepl-middleware now takes advantage of descriptors in middleware metadata
Don't store prep blocker on project metadata.
Collapse load-hooks into one doseq.
The newnew plugin lives in default-profiles, not the default project.
rename reset-profiles to with-profiles
fix unmerge-profiles to work with composite profiles
Don't try to merge profiles without an active project.
Prefer vary-meta to with-meta. Rename combine-profiles to apply-profiles-raw.
Rename resolve-symbol -> require-resolve.
Trim long lines in leiningen-core.
Support ext dependencies in eval-in :classloader
Better error messages for eval-in :classloader
Make :eval-in :classloader work	with native deps
Allow for plugin specific repositories with :plugin-repositories.
Always set -Dclojure.compile.path when we are running from a checkout
Try to make the LEIN_JVM_OPTS default sane for :eval-in :classloader
Add support for .leinrc
Document LEIN_FAST_TRAMPOLINE.
Allow fix for recursive aliases to apply globally.
Allow :eval-in to be a symbol instead of a keyword.
Make fast trampolines opt-in for now, use shasum for portability.
Download lein.jar to temporary name; rename into place
Soooo... profiles are incredibly hard to get right. So is trampoline.
Support picking up :dependencies from profiles in trampoline task.
Back to snapshot.
Release 2.0.0-preview8.
Workaround for CLJ-1034.
News updates.
Mention :offline? and :local-repo for production deploys in tutorial.
Put revision in pom.properties file.
Ensure we don't exit without at least a message.
add ^:displace to all REPL-injected dependency vectors
add recipe for Maven Central deployment to DEPLOY.md
Add an exclusion to reply to fix bootstrapping issues.
Preserve metadata on project in merge/unmerge/reset-profiles
only nedd to print an error about explicit hooks that cannot be resolved
add missing utils require
report errors better in load-hooks
use resolve-symbol for hooks and middleware
combine-profile does not need to keep track of included-profile.
add resolve-symbol to utils and use it in resolve-task
apply middleware whenever project profiles are modified
automatically load middleware and hooks from plugins
only emit allowed elements within pom's <scm>
Turns out pom.asc is correct here.
Exception handling in main can be simplified now that we're using ex-info.
Improve error message when plugin isn't found.
Pagination of search results.
Help can use tasks from leiningen.core.main now.
remove printlns :-(
fix munging of symbols for require of named nREPL middleware and handlers
Don't throw on index download.
Better error message for malformed user profiles.clj.
Bump reply/nrepl dependencies
Use updated search index format and location. Lots of TODOs still.
News updates.
fix recursive merging of profiles that involve ^:replace and ^:displace meta on nested values
Todo updates.
Only the suggestions that have the same minimum distance.
Initial crack at suggestions.
Distance fn from amalloy.
Whitespace.
Don't complete for test! anymore.
Because startup time is science
Consolidate LEIN_JVM_OPTS defaults
Don't set -Xms, it adds to the startup time and has no real benefit
Add default value for LEIN_JVM_OPTS
Distinguish between false and nil when checking file existence.
Use when for side-effects, not return values.
Document prep-tasks, :keyword task arg conventions, and l.c.m/abort.
Temporarily honor numeric exit codes and warn of deprecation.
add :pom-addtion example
Remove commented-out shell wrapper remainders.
Add ability to add arbitary content to generated pom file
Make repl task only bind to localhost by default.
Mention :gen-class, references #710
Minor improvements to sample.project.clj, closes #710
merging http proxy changes
making http.nonProxyHosts more optional
Remove profiles before checking for snapshot deps in pom.
propagating non-proxy-hosts to sub processes too
merging in pitherjo\'s change
Honouring http_no_proxy to complement http_proxy for apache httpcomponents client compatible libraries
Give nicer messages instead of ex-info subprocess failed traces.
Honouring http_no_proxy to complement http_proxy for apache httpcomponents client compatible libraries
Document how commas are treated.
Add test! back as an example alias.
Clean up l.c.eval namespace.
Move "already compiled all namespaces" message to debug.
Update env var reference.
sorting out quoting of proxy section in faq
sorting out quoting of proxy section in faq
update faq for http_no_proxy
using http_no_proxy instead of httpNoProxyHost
using http_no_proxy instead of clunky httpNoProxyHost
i think you meant host not port
Don't depend on cd-client in a headless nrepl server.
A better default/example
Make it clear how to use :checksum setting that is applicable to all repositories
Add environment variables reference to the bottom of sample.project.clj.
Only use leiningen-core/lib for bootstrapping lein's own classpath.
passing non-proxy-hosts though to pomegranate if present as environmental arg
Correct :test-selectors example
Make task name column wider in the lein -h output
use composite profiles for :default
separate combine-profile out into its own function for dsantiago
add support for composite-profiles
Unify exit code handling with ex-info.
ignore emacs save files
read profiles from PROJECT_ROOT/profiles.clj
Don't override *exit-process?* or *exit-after-tests* unless needed.
We don't need to store test results in a file anymore.
Some more TODOs.
Oops; this was intended as a joke.
Add repeat higher-order task
Clarify "checkouts" feature.
Leiningen, be nice
Update sample.project.clj to use the new `:javac-options` format
Link to profile guide in readme.
Add aliases for -help and -version
"aliases" need not be an atom, now it isn't
Remove redundant "help" aliases
some semantic changes, not sure I fully get what you mean in some cases like the last :default change.
Tweaks to the tutorial.
Intercept "help" after task name, issue #629
Auto-detect wagons from plugins.
updated prep-tasks doco
prep-tasks handles both strings and vectors
changed doco to reflect prep-tasks args
added prep-tasks which allows prep tasks to include args
Improve example of :aliases in sample.project.clj.
Unmark :post-preview compile tests.
Re-enable post-compile cleaning.
Explanatory message at the top of bin/lein.
Bump bultitude, clucy versions.
Formatting of chaining warning.
Ignore all signatures.
Compile nses in :aot vector order.
Drop back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT, hopefully for the last time.
Release 2.0.0-preview7.
Documentation, news, todo updates.
Add clojars to default :deploy-repositories.
Look up aliases in prep and trampoline.
Allow user-level repositories which contain credentials only.
Add an example to the warning about task chaining
Update todo
Slightly better error message
Abort task chaining if Java sources compilation (lein javac) fails
Work with latest pomegranate deploy-artifacts signature.
Deploy signatures along with jars and poms.
News updates.
Use both built-in :leiningen/test profile and :test profile in test task.
Pull in latest lein-newnew.
Fall back to reply beta8 due to trptcolin/reply#67
Pull in drawbridge directly so we can exclude ring.
fix :javac-options example in sample.project.clj
Rephrase sample.project.clj comment for :scm #640
Add :scm to sample.project.clj (#640)
Try solving #640 with BC
Bump REPLy/nREPL versions for reply task
Remove :force arg to deps; -U makes it redundant.
Honor :classifier and :extension when de-duping deps.
Remove faked out exit code.
Move tiered compilation out of profiles and injections into them.
Turn :bootclasspath off by default; too many issues for now.
Turn off bootclasspath for projects using 1.2.
Link to namespace documentation in tutorial.
Point people towards 2.x in the readme.
Test boot time for lein run rather than lein version.
Clarify that profiles.clj is just a map.
Set user-agent in search index downloads.
Move user-agent to its own function; make it match `lein version` more.
Don't assume all args are strings; can have partial aliases.
Enhanced User-Agent string #636
Set "Leiningen" User-Agent in http requests for issue #636
Rewrite docstring for deps task.
First pass at verifying signatures via `lein deps :verify`.
Allow leiningen.core.eval/sh to work with rebound *out* and *err*.
Bump back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.
Exclude .DSA files too.
Move hooke injections to default profile.
Document do task.
Suppress stack trace from exit exception in with-profile.
Consistent use of leiningen-version function.
Todo updates.
Remove left-over use of integer error code in classloader eval.
Remove outdated comment about ant.
Improve defproject docstring.
Minor fix to avoid this error:
Release 2.0.0-preview6
Read user profiles once (it uses IO so it should be faster)
Add bin/release.
NEWS for preview6.
Replace :env values in :repositories with lookups from environment.
Document :certificates.
memoize call to gpg credentials
Add browser-compatible hostname verifier to HTTPS scheme.
Honor :certificates in project.clj.
http://p.hagelb.org/what.gif
Depend on reply directly rather than using the default profile.
Back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.0.0-preview5.
Mention bug in gpg that prevents gpg from prompting for passphrase.
Revert "cache gpg credentials, be okay with asking for a passphrase"
Temporary workaround for #613.
Bump reply version to 0.1.0-beta8
News for 2.0.0-preview5.
cache gpg credentials, be okay with asking for a passphrase
Add <packaging> to the POM.
Remove test for deprecated :repository-auth settings.
Fall back to ordered 1.2.0.
leiningen-core tests don't need to be run separately.
Work around bug in ordered maps.
Don't prompt for a password deploying to file:// URLs.
Update tutorial and deploy guide for HTTP deploy and credential storage.
Interactively prompt for credentials if not found.
Oracle JDK 7 fails, disabling for now
Trying out a secret new travis-ci.org feature
Move reply to default profile so that it can be upgraded.
only decrypt the default credentials file if the file exists
Java throws an exception if Runtime/exec doesn't find the command.
Use ~/.lein/credentials.clj.gpg instead of :auth profile.
Use https for clojars.
Explain how to fall back to insecure SSL when self-install fails.
Explain in FAQ how hard version ranges win and how to avoid them.
Remove test for init-project.
Tiny typo fix in tutorial
Unneeded kw local var
Enable pom tests
Remove support for :run-aliases.
Add "Running code" section to tutorial.
Spin off separate profile guide from readme/tutorial.
Apologize for the slowness of Central indexes; link to web search.
Apply feedback from Steve Losh on tutorial.
Spin FAQ off into its own page.
Renaming test to better reflect what it is actually testing.
Create path for jar file entries
Bump REPL-y version for bugfixes
Allow :replace/:displace metadata to work on :dependencies entries.
Allow user-level :repl profile to override hard-coded repl profile.
Ignore web directory where leiningen.org may be checked out.
Don't break the line
Set default encoding for Lein's JVM to UTF-8, fixes #586
Allow with-profile to run outside a project dir.
fixed another quote
fixed another quote
Bump back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 2.0.0-preview4.
Use unmerge-profiles in jar and uberjar.
More news.
Apply tiered compilation to the project JVM, not just Leiningen's own.
Move :checkout-deps-shares to default profile.
Remove stray printing.
Allow :checksum policy to be set at the top-level of project.clj as well.
Ignore target-path from project reading test.
Move pom.xml file back to the root of the project.
Add :update profile and -U alias for applying it.
Add :update support at the top-level of the project map.
Update the news symlink to point at NEWS.md
Quote lein-newnew in default profile.
Untabify bin/lein.
Remove unused script templates.
Changed launcher lein.bat to determine whether it's a source checkout by looking for directory 'src'
Improve namespace completion performance
Reword a few things in READMEs, todo tweaks.
Update NEWS for preview4.
Make sure cygpath affects LEIN_JAR.
Remove --update argument to search task.
Bump reply
added -o as an alias
Make merge-profile private and convert found uses of it to merge-profiles.
Add tests for unmerge-profiles and merging anonymous profiles through merge-profiles.
Make add-profiles work even when there is no without-profiles metadata. Add a test for add-profiles.
Update profiles-for to accept both keywords and direct maps.
Add unmerge-profiles function.
Return merge-profile to a public function, instead make it record the map it merges in the :included-profiles metadata.
Add add-profiles function.
Tidy up install task.
Make merge-profile private.
Remove "checksum" verbiage from when-stale.
Remove a layer of quoting in the when-stale files.
Fall back to project when :without-profiles is absent in pom.
Allow URL scheme to be omitted in $http_proxy.
Quit checking CLASSPATH in lein.bat.
Set CLASSPATH from scratch rather than checking existing value.
Added docs for `lein deps :tree`.
Bump pomegranate for http deploy fixes
Issue #559: Provide leiningen-version function
Explicitly use bash in bin/lein.
Drop the --no-check-certificate argument to wget.
Clarify group-id in tutorial.
Clarify that group ids are used for namespacing and are optional
Use space in sample for classpath.
Allow :manifest entries to contain functions.
#541
Example of group id
Upgrade lein-newnew.
Add fallback for LEIN_HOME environment variable
Add target to .gitignore
Decouple init-project from l.c.project/read
Strip trailing ws
Translate most common javac options in Leiningen 1 format into the one used by Leiningen 2
Use newnew plugin 0.2.8 with the directory structure fix
Put version in deps :tree inside a string.
Don't set environment to empty map by default.
Clarify profile selection logic in readme.
Make the environment for subprocesses check a dynamic map.
Bump version of ordered to avoid locked version range.
make lein test print ns-specific commands that can be copied and pasted
eliminate duplicate init-profile
test for init-project
load plugins, middleware, hooks, etc after merging profiles in with-profile
Add references to leinjacker and its eval-in-project
Add back in 1-arg version of help-for for backwards compatibility.
print complete information on errors encountered in with-profile
Bump reply version for jlinerc warning fix
Allow trampolining the repl task
Clarify that :password and :passphrase are used by different repositories.
Bump to Clojure 1.4.0.
Move :native-path to under target/ dir.
avoid NPE when searching for "Suppressed exit"
maven wants password not passphrase
Bump reply, nREPL, and cd-client
fix LEIN_HOME path when running under cygwin (required for user profiles)
lein classpath: Accept optional output-file
Print error for missing tasks instead of stacktrace
Remove "bundled mode" from bin/lein.
Bump back to snapshot.
Release 2.0.0-preview3.
Readme tweaks.
Don't shutdown agents when exit is suppressed.
Bump reply to 0.1.0-beta3.
Have mercy on the packagers; don't pull in useful for a 1-line defn.
Handle starting in a different ns
Update sample.project.clj docs.
Collapse all repl-* options into :repl-options map
Prevent user profiles from affecting pom tests.
Switch pom tests back to not having clojure-complete.
Bump pomegranate; fixes #491
Update bultitude.
don't call pomegranate/can-modify?
Add more repl task news
news/todos
Make help task look up argument in aliases map.
bump clj-http dependency
Once upgraded to 1.1.1, lein2 pprint showed the output (it didn't work with the previous version - no output shown)
Bump reply dependency
Port arbitrary version upgrades from 1.7.1.
Don't warn of profile merge conflicts when the classes match.
Update doc/TUTORIAL.md
repl can be run from anywhere, too.
News for preview3.
Pom output handles dev dependencies that overlap standard deps
Document $http_proxy in faq.
Maven proxy only valid for Leiningen 1.x
Set http proxy system properties. Addresses half of #281.
Get authentication info out of $http_proxy.
Skip profiles when calculating deps for uberjar.
add proxy support
Handle exclusion vector better for pom generation
Document :filespecs in sample project.clj.
Support :fn in :filespecs for arbitrary additions to jar.
Allow arbitrary :filespecs in project.clj.
Re-add missing stacktrace.
FAQ link to Maven proxy docs
Drop deps :tree indentation to 2.
Temporarily disable test that relies on exit codes.
Move :prep-tasks to default project instead of profile.
Oops; forgot to actually remove compile call in that last one.
Nicer formatting of lein deps :tree
Remove plugin stuff from 1.x out of lein.bat.
Remove jline from lein.bat.
Remove Clojure 1.2 from bootclasspath in lein.bat. Might fix #486.
Note that "lein search" can be slow
Pom adds dev and test dependencies scoped
Pom generation profile handling; Add java-source-paths
Add debug and info functions for #473.
Block repl on prep-tasks.
Test needs to set-ize things.
Bump reply version
Give consistent & friendly output about nREPL port
Add :included-profiles metadata to project map in merge-profiles. See issue 392.
Now :project-init is redundant with :injections.
We don't use CLOJURE_JAR anymore.
Reorganize todo.
Add :offline profile.
Inline shutdown hook for killing subprocesses.
Shouldn't need to aot in leiningen-core anymore.
Make the sample file match the code
Destroy subprocesses on shutdown
fixed normal/trampoline statement and arguments
Let deps :tree print a dependency tree
fixed lein self-install on windows
Set :jvm-opts during eval-in :leiningen.
update README.md to add example of getting dependencies in place for 1.x branch
Switch from :busted test tagging to :post-preview.
Add :offline test selector.
Don't use abort as a side-effect.
Privatize anything that's not an explicit API.
Switch leiningen.help/tasks to a function.
Allow run-form to be public.
echo port number of headless nREPL server
add support for `lein :connect [hostname:]port`
Display aliases in lein help
Use a more helpful message when task is not found
Add dummy plugin task to point confused people to upgrade guide.
Clarify stable vs preview in readme.
Get latest reply alpha
add leiningen-core/src to source-paths and simplify :aot pattern
shorten overlong line
fix stale-namespaces to work with (:source-paths project)
Deprecate conj-dependencies.
Ignore TAGS
Respect :java-cmd in project if it is given
file timestamp resolution can be coarse, compile if mod dates are equal
replaceAll -> replaceFirst (there is only one possible replacement)
javac: check .java vs. .class mod dates, only compile stale sources
One more test case for the lein new task, includes artifact group in project name
Use lein-newnew 0.2.5
Use lein-newnew 0.2.5.
Back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.
javac: improve error report when system java compiler is missing
fix broken test for search
show progress when downloading maven index for search
Release 2.0.0-preview2.
Add :default profile in when loading plugins outside a project.
Handle nil :plugins key when running outside project dir.
Quit using :use.
Update readme links to point to preview branch.
Move version back to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.
subtask-help-for expects a map, so let's give it one.
Release 2.0.0-preview1.
Load plugins when operating outside a project dir.
Do full AOT in Leiningen project itself.
Allow both :aot regexes and symbols to simultaneously work.
Don't recursively prep project.
leiningen.core.main/task-not-found needs to be marked as not needing a project to work properly.
Docstring updates.
Make "lein upgrade" look at preview branch.
Use bootstrap classpath for Leiningen.
Update sample, readme, todo.
Update tutorial.
Make copy-to-jar into a reduction so duplicate roots aren't added.
Add a failing test for overlapped sourcepaths.
Allow suppressing of leiningen.core.main/exit for IDEs/tools.
Drop user/settings in favour of checking :user profile directly.
Bump reply to get fixes
Extract function for ack-port
Documentation for lein repl :headless
Add :headless flag to repl task
Update sample.project.clj for 2.0.0-preview.
Port :checkout-deps-shares to master branch.
NEWS updates.
Revert a text change to README.md
Output full path of pom.xml.
Pass through :local-repo and :offline? options to pomegranate.
Add conj-dependency function.
Test :exclusions.
Move :dependencies back to vector-of-vectors.
Make leiningen-core dirs visible when testing leiningen proper.
Move normalization out of defproject into top-level comp.
Cosmetics.
Add warning if a checkouts directory does not contain a project.clj
Don't put $LEIN_DIR/lib on the classpath; that's deprecated.
Switch to bultitude for ns finding stuff.
Use official data.xml release.
Move prep-tasks out of atom into :default profile.
Implement :middleware.
Avoid sending an empty :attach port to reply
keys in :auth :repository-auth can now be regexes matching repository URLs, fixes gh-424
missed a test
load plugins through classpath/resolve-dependencies so as to benefit from authentication config, etc, fixes gh-423
allow hook load/activation exceptions to bubble up, fixes gh-419
Upgrade pomegranate to 0.0.8, fixes gh-422
Add a todo for including denormalize.
Ensure we launch eval-in-subprocess in the project root.
Update plugin guide to mention plural path keys.
Update tasks to use plural paths. Use :resource-paths instead of resources.
Switch to "input" paths as plural keys.
Simplify profile merging now that deps/repos are maps.
Allow :injections to be a collection.
re-enable accepting repository URI as argument to `deploy`
emit sane progress messages when resolving dependencies and deploying artifacts
upgrade to pomegranate 0.0.7
fix deploy task
upgrade to pomegranate 0.0.6; changes default checksum policy to only warn on failure
Suppress error when no test namespaces are found.
tweak test so that we *actually* fix gh-413.
Keep pom.xml in /target, fixes gh-413
don't swap out thread context classloader if it's already modifiable
upgrade to pomegranate 0.0.5; use its get-classpath in leiningen.core.ns to fix gh-412
add project classpath to leiningen's classpath if :eval-in :leiningen, fixes gh-411
:extra-classpath-dirs no longer supported
Going to go ahead and call that a typo.
Expose :repository-auth from user profiles to pomegranate.
Test leiningen-core in CI.
Remove user/settings check in repl task in favour of :user profile.
Move special nrepl deps from :default profile to repl task.
Bump reply for more CLJ-855 fun
Clarify mismatch warning when merging profiles.
Don't rely on binding of *ns* in project/read.
Move :test-path to :default profile and lock inside project/read.
Bump clucy version to avoid dynamicity warnings.
Bash isn't necessary.
Allow lein to run when called with no tasks and no .lein-classpath
Bump reply & clojure-complete versions
Hook up to nrepl beta1
Doco stuff.
Allow :aliases in project.clj.
Call System/setProperty for eval-in-leiningen calls.
Lock to data.xml timestamped snapshot, update todos.
Clarify backwards-compatibility eval-in-project shim.
Make with-profile start from the base project.
Revert "Revert "Upgrade to the latest nrepl""
Lock to non-snapshot reply
Revert "Upgrade to the latest nrepl"
Revert "Add sonatype snapshots for the time being"
Add sonatype snapshots for the time being
Upgrade to the latest nrepl
Documentation typo fixes
Replace `whoami` with `id -u` test
Docstrings should make grammatical sense.
Correct spelling for docstring
Allow colon-separated profiles to sequential task application
Mention running outside the context of projects in plugin guide.
Add "Upgrading Existing Plugins" section to plugin guide.
Couple more todos.
Include temporary leiningen.compile/eval-in-project placeholder.
Link to the EPL in project.clj.
Be more forgiving of sparse project maps in eval-in-project.
Tweak todo.
Allow profiles arg to pprint a given profile.
Document things better.
Add the `lein profiles` command to list available profiles
Override install instead of adding before_script
Make sure .travis.yml includes language: clojure
Absolutize paths in :without-profiles project map as well.
Implement a few partially-applied help aliases.
Allow aliases to specify partially-applied tasks.
Don't do anything if there aren't any java sources.
Check 'javac'.
Handle task options and print a compiling message.
Rewrote the javac task using built in Java compiler stuff.
Rewrite explanation of profiles in readme.
Profiles mean :jvm-opts in user/settings isn't necessary.
Use :without-profiles version of project map in jar task.
Warn when profile is specified that doesn't exist.
Use absolute paths when checksumming lein's own project.cljs.
Drop JLine/rlwrap since we have reply. Allow any task to trampoline.
Add support for a 'check' task, which checks syntax and reports reflection warnings.
Recalculate .lein-classpath when project.clj changes.
Remove spurious leiningen.core reference.
Mention symlink for bin/lein in "Building" section of readme.
Remove dummy leiningen.core namespace.
Move absolutize-path call into merge-profiles.
Move :dev profile to :default in default-profiles.
Promote leiningen-core/src in classpath when working in checkout.
Move reply and lein-newnew to lein's own project.clj.
Add Clojure exclusions across the board.
Enable completion for non-leiningen projects
Add a docstring to the repl task.
Hardcore merging action.
Allow users to explicitly set a REPL port.
Up the repl timeout to 30 seconds.
Add support for setting reply options.
Allow the task to work outside of projects.
Make lein-repl-server a delay.
Use bound-fn so that it doesn't blow up with eval-in-leiningen.
Use nrepl's ack mechanism instead of manual polling.
Add connection polling.
Wait for nrepl server to start.
Allow :dependencies to be loaded after profiles in :eval-in-leiningen.
WIP new lein repl task that uses reply.
Honor :hooks. Allow hook namespaces to contain "activate" defn.
Help, search, and repl tasks may run outside projects.
Honor :test profile in test task.
Inc lein-newnew version to fix boogz.
Remove newnew stuff from leiningen and add it as a dependency.
Clean up a bit.
Add native deps extraction.
Update travis to bootstrap leiningen-core
Update pomegranate; all repo/dependency options should work
Don't splice injected forms.
Couple more TODOs.
Release 1.1.1 of lein-pprint.
Document prep-tasks, clean up ignores.
Warn when encountering user-level repositories.
Release 1.1.0 of lein-pprint example plugin.
Added support for replacing/displacing profile values instead of merging.
Update doc/TUTORIAL.md
Support :injections project key.
Calculate lein's own classpath in bin/lein.
Update todo.org.
Add prep-tasks for precompile/javac.
Add :uberjar-inclusions.
Update README's mention of client JVM vs tiered compilation.
Update deploy task
Update install task
Update pomegranate version
Update uberjar for new api
Copy pom.xml generation from depot
Derp; duplicate set key.
Bootstrap CI with leiningen-core-2.0.0-SNAPSHOT-standalone.jar.
Re-enable ci for master branch.
Move dynamic resolution of eval-in-leiningen :dependencies.
Tidy up from-checkout classpath setup.
Tiered compilation in bin/lein.
Move HACKING.md into leiningen-core README.md.
Update leiningen.core.main tests.
Move -main to leiningen.core.main.
heh heh...
General cleanup.
Update hacking guide.
Update tutorial for Leiningen 2.
Remove old ns references in pom.clj.
Add sample lein-pprint plugin.
Update plugin guide; remove deprecations from sample.
Update bootstrapping instructions, remove old lein.util.* references.
Document profiles.
Remove support for profiles.clj in root; read profiles.clj instead of load.
Update readme for lein2.
Load :dependencies in eval-in-leiningen cases.
Load plugins inside leiningen.core.project/read.
Re-enable tests targeted for preview.
TODO updates, separate out tasks targeted for 2.0.0-preview.
Remove deprecated util namespaces (except ns; still needs work).
Get repl and trampoline tasks to at least compile.
Remove deprecated :repl-init-script.
Remove plugin task.
OK, so relative paths in project maps was the wrong way to go.
Remove dev-deps-only test project.
Full test suite will at least compile.
Checkout deps shouldn't apply default profiles.
Generate pom from pre-profile project.
Document a couple functions.
Add debug profile.
Remove old core tests.
Add with-profile task.
Expose pre-merged project without profiles applied on metadata.
Allow profiles to be aliased to other profiles using keywords.
Read profiles from ~/.lein/profiles.clj and :profiles key in defproject.
Implement merging profiles into project maps.
Add a test for unquote.
Simplify representation of paths and deps to prepare for profiles.
Include commented out :url option in default project.clj
Normalize java-source-path (so that if it actually is provided, we get a normalized path).
classlojure 0.6.5
Expand HACKING.md a bit.
Un-mapify :repositories before handing off to pomegranate.
Compile works
Update tests for test task.
Update tests for compile tests
Add note about master branch to readme.
Normalize :repositories values into map. This fixes search task.
Keep Clojure off the bootstrap classpath temporarily.
Read plugins from ~/.lein/plugins2 for now.
Absolutize paths inside get-classpath for now.
Update the run task tests for 2.0
Add test for leiningen.core.project namespace.
Add leiningen-core's src/ dir to the bin/lein classpath.
Switch run task over to using leiningen-core library.
Try to fix reading of sample projects in leiningen.test.helper.
Use leiningen.core.classpath from classpath task.
Test selectors were mentioned earlier, and they go in project.clj, so should be reflected later on.
Only show a single line of help for subtasks in task help.
Preserve order in subtask help list.
add eval-in :classloader
remove :eval-in-leiningen check
add eval-in multimethod and add support for :eval-in project key
simple leiningen-core eval test
Add explicit hooke dep to leiningen-core.
Drop deprecated arities of eval-in-project.
Better marginalia-friendly docs for leiningen-core.
Update todo.org with 2.0 tasks.
Disable CI tests for master for now.
Move leiningen.util.ns to leiningen.core.ns.
OK, now lein version at least runs again. Whew!
Remove interactive and test! tasks.
Make clean task just about target-dir.
Switch from leiningen.core to leiningen.main.
Add repositories handling in defproject.
Add leiningen.core.eval; still needs plenty of work.
Begin work on 2.0 in leiningen-core library.
Properly escape USERPROFILE in lein.bat.
Document :type in :dependencies in sample.project.clj.
Technically the stdin fiasco is the JVM's fault, not Ant's.
Move NEWS to markdown.
Ignore wiki directory so I can keep a checkout in my lein checkout.
Add :offline test selector.
Add quotes to JVM_OPTS in bin/lein.
Disable :checksum-deps when writing shell wrappers.
Release 1.6.2.
Ensure explicit deps calls override :checksum-deps.
Call System/gc before deleting files recursively.
Remove test line that accidentally snuck in.
Use $PWD when determining "bundled lein".
Explain eval-in-project with dummy project arg in plugin docs.
Implement bundled mode in lein.bat.
Need to make *err* a PrintWriter.
Running in $HOME is not running in bundled mode.
Port relevant changes from bin/lein to bin/lein-pkg.
Pull in updated lein-pkg from Debian.
Split out find-jars and find-deps-jars.
Check for :compile-path in prep. Default to "" for project :root.
Update NEWS file. Remove 2.0 stuff from todo; keep it on the wiki for now.
installing in local repository even if redefined in settings.xml
Keep already-packaged lein off the classpath in bin/pkg-lein.
Don't need a message for ns-finding read failures.
Work around Clojure 1.2 reader bug.
s/project mode/bundled mode/.
Coerce system properties into strings.
added check for $ORIGINAL_PWD/.lein to exist and choose it over $HOME/.lein as LEIN_HOME. this allows project specific lein installations.
Removed Clojure 1.3 warnings about dynamic vars.
Add zsh completion for lein
Add :parent to sample.project.clj
prevent error for spaces in $SCRIPT path.
Make plugin help tests much less specific.
Indentation fix.
Work around a windows specific problem in tests.
Mention ((user-settings) :deploy-repositories) in DEPLOY.md
Move user-level deploy repos to (user-settings)
Add -r to rlwrap so it remembers terms for completion.
Add user-level deploy-repositories setting
Clarify :dev-deps vs lein plugin install.
Boost search page size.
Add :compile-path to sample.project.clj.
added a fuller explanation of plugins to the README
added notes about search command to README
added note about lucene search to help on search command
Add reminder about :gen-class to uberjar help.
Remove workaround for joda.
Apparently joda-time 1.6 is no longer resolving from central!
Don't error out when cleaning up after snapshot deps test.
Run self-install during ci.
Prevent redundant self-install.
Redo windows installation instructions, be consistent with markdown tt.
Add Travis CI config.
Propagate failure return values a bit better in install/jar.
Just kidding! Move :compile-path mkdirs a bit higher.
Clean up some test directory references.
Don't attempt to include non-existent files in the jar.
Move creation of :compile-path closer to actual compilation.
Understand proxy class files in `has-source-package?'.
Test that load works after compiling with :clean-non-project-classes true.
Include a proxy in nom.nom.nom test, for compilation testing.
Run implicit clean when deps are fetched.
What was that all about?
include java source files in jar as well
Link directly to raw.github.com.
Add support for :deploy-repositories slot for deployment-only repositories; closes gh-273
eval-client-loop doesn't need writer arg.
Catch exceptions loading ~/.lein/init.clj.
Explain ordered map guarantee for repositories-for, refs #268
Support ordering repositories, fixes #268
Add a test around disabling maven central
remove empty strings from jvm args
Add resources to leiningen's classpath in lein.bat.
installing in local repository even if redefined in settings.xml
Re-enable execute permissions after last patch disabled it.
Respect $LEIN_HOME when staving the standalone jar
Looks like github in-browser merge messed up that markdown.
Add syntax highlighting to Clojure code in the README
Goals for 1.6.2.
Extract native libs for all arch's into native/ dir.
fix broken link
Drop version number to 1.6.2-SNAPSHOT.
Honor :jar-exclusions in copy-to-jar :bytes method.
Don't include all of user-settings in new project.clj files.
Keep already-packaged lein off the classpath in bin/pkg-lein.
Use LEIN_JVM_OPTS in lein.bat.
Use LEIN_JVM_OPTS in lein.bat.
Bump lein.bat to 1.7.0-SNAPSHOT.
arrowed!
Move "deploy" help to "deploying" to avoid collision.
Stream output from eval-in-subprocess.
Added warning for downloading maven search indices. It's slow.
Replace .lein_classpath with .lein-classpath for consistency.
Replace .lein_classpath with .lein-classpath for consistency.
Todo updates.
Clarify license of images.
Move "deploy" help to "deploying" to avoid collision.
Update PLUGINS documentation.
renamed .classpath to .lein_classpath so that it doesn't conflict with other tools like Eclipse that use .classpath
Bump version to 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.
renamed .classpath to .lein_classpath so that it doesn't conflict with other tools like Eclipse that use .classpath
Bump to 1.7.0-SNAPSHOT.
Add missing jar to bin/lein-pkg.
better fix for lein.bat, as per mtyaka's suggestion
Add bin/lein-pkg for downstream packagers.
Add tutorial redirect to keep links from breaking.
fix test for empty CONTEXT_CP
Remove useless x characters.
Implement trampoline command on Windows.
Use a consistent style with goto statements.
Switch from rem commands to double colons for improved readability.
Bump lein.bat to 1.6.1.
Disable user plugin when the same artifact is a dev dependency in lein.bat.
Release 1.6.1.
Update paths of documentation files.
NEWS updates.
Suppress "repl started" message in interactive task.
Mention HTTP proxying issues in the FAQ.
Add uberjar task argument to specify alternate main ns.
Re-word docs in favour of the term "project automation".
Clarify :checkout-deps-shares in sample.project.clj.
Added :checkout-deps-shares option
Add deprecation warning for second arg to deps.
Support :project-init in project.clj to allow :repl-options to use pprint.
Bump to hooke 1.1.2 to fix compatibility with Clojure 1.3.
added docs for context specific classpath
Add a man page.
Move docs to doc/ directory.
added support for .classpath files
Bump version to 1.6.1-SNAPSHOT.
Bump lein.bat to 1.6.0.
Make native-deps test work on systems other than 32-bit linux.
Release 1.6.0.
Remove unused requires.
Move default jar-exclusions and uberjar-exclusions to defproject.
Swap the order of dependencies and dev-dependencies when building pom.
fix JAVA_OPTS backwards compat
Preserve JVM_OPTS in trampoline.
Support native-deps plugin for backwards-compatibility.
Allow using "lein install foo 1.0" on non-clojure projects.
load trampoline file into a var to allow cleaning it up
Include jvm opts in trampolined command.
Special-case repl for trampolining since it needs raw i/o. (WIP)
Pull in deps in repl before launching socket server.
Add *trampoline* var to expose whether trampolining is happening.
Add exec to trampoline command.
Tutorial updates for 1.6.
Support LEIN_NO_DEV environment variable to skip development settings.
Prevent "lein upgrade" from a checkout.
Remove hacky jar multimethod.
Move :eval-in-leiningen binding of *ns* to eval-in-project.
Doco updates.
clean up trampoline file
map "Darwin" to :macosx
Upgrade to lancet 1.0.1.
Check *interactive?* and *exit-after-tests* in test task.
Need a regex here, duh.
Be more careful in project-accepted? predicate.
Let's just slap an ALPHA label on trampoline for now!
First cut at a trampoline task.
Add a warning to classpath task regarding :local-repo-classpath.
Allow search pagination to work outside project.
Move *interactive?* flag to leiningen.core.
Catch exceptions from missing search index downloads.
Improve error message for unconfigured deploy.
Don't shutdown agents in interactive mode.
Accept a URL as an argument to the deploy task.
Make search work outside project.
I'm dumb.
Mention bug in :omit-default-repositories.
Add explicit *interactive* flag.
add support for spaces in plugin paths
disable user plugin when the same artifact is a dev dependency
Bump hooke to 1.1.1.
Show totals in search results.
Extract os/arch-specific native libs into native.
Use just plain native/ dir rather than keeping native/os/arch dirs.
Move to usages of leiningen.util.paths.
Move some path functions to leiningen.util.paths. Add defdeprecated.
Shutdown agent thread pool when exiting.
TODO updates.
Paginate through search results from each repo in parallel.
De-duplicate search results.
Still need to copy :dev-deps with :local-repo-classpath.
Make the run task support a main function other than -main.
read user settings from settings map in ~/.lein/init.clj, write same to project.clj
Clarify deployment guidelines in tutorial and deploy guide.
TODO updates.
Support :local-repo-classpath.
Format versions as strings in search results.
Make retest work with test selectors.
NEWS updates.
Tidy up plugin ns form.
Re-enable hook saving failures for retest.
Un-generalize code injection. Use for Hooke only.
Add retest, sorta.
Support namespace injection in eval-in-project.
TODO updates.
New project structure has an extra level of dirs; Thanks Peter Goodall.
Remove user/*classpath* var.
Remove deprecated build.clojure.org repositories by default.
Ignore .lein-failures in new project skeletons.
Add :extra-classpath-dirs to project classpaths.
Bump to 1.6.0-SNAPSHOT.
Update README to point to the latest Windows release.
Don't escape the form when compiling in-process.
Release 1.5.2.
Check rlwrap for -q support before enabling it.
Initializing NOT_FOUND prior to entering loop, to avoid error using /bin/sh on Solaris
Release 1.5.1.
Honor :disable-implicit-clean in uberjar task.
NEWS updates for 1.5.1.
Use the first line of task defn docstrings as help summary.
TODO updates.
Use whoami instead of $USER for root detection.
Add more :repositories settings details to sample project.clj.
Place deps for :eval-in-leiningen projects in lib/dev.
pom task now adds dev-dependencies with scope test to pom.xml
Revert "Enabled correct quoting, editor support in rlwrap"
Surrounded the $@ with double quotes to prevent arguments with spaces (even quoted ones) from being broken appart into multiple args.
Enabled correct quoting, editor support in rlwrap
Mention in tutorial that test selectors need hooke.
Don't bother with dev-deps when installing plugins.
Update bin scripts to version 1.5.1-SNAPSHOT.
Possibly check deps on eval-in-project if :checksum-deps is set.
Bump version to 1.5.1-SNAPSHOT.
Update README to point to the latest Windows release.
Honor user-settings in more places.
Revert back to warning on checksum mismatch instead of failing.
Release 1.5.0.
Docstrings for a bunch of core functions.
Add user-settings.
Move *ns* binding to read-project.
Readme and NEWS updates.
Update sample.project.clj to mention disabling snapshots/releases.
Move init-settings to core.
Add leiningen.pom/default-repo for backwards-compatibility.
Update to Clojure 1.2.1.
Add tests for snapshot/releases distinction.
Factor out test helper functions.
Support :snapshots/:releases/:update/:checksum settings in :repositories.
Use AOT to speed up leiningen checkout launch.
Add deploy guide.
Tutorial updates.
FAQ updates.
No more :reload in skeleton tests.
1.5.0 RC1
Add global :exclusions
add project files to the uberjar first, then dependencies
Clarify description FIXME in project skeleton.
Move to lancet as a separate project.
NEWS updates.
Move test namespaces to leiningen.test.*
Revert "User plugins should take precedence on the project's classpath."
User plugins should take precedence on the project's classpath.
Factor out :repl-options handling into its own function.
Rearrange todo.org.
Honor :class-file-whitelist to make classes/ deletion more manageable.
Accept :repl-init ns in favour of :repl-init-script.
Warn when falling back to jline.
Adjust .gitignore creation.
Mention ant stdin bug.
Key leiningen-auth by URL instead of repo name.
Add prepend-tasks for task hooking in simplistic cases.
Add flexibility to clean task.
Continue loading hooks if one happens to fail.
Remove clojure snapshot dep from test project.
Bring jar text up to date with current shell wrappers.
Improve self-install error messages with lein.bat.
s/disable-implicit-clean/disable-deps-clean/. keep backwards-compat.
Mention freezing snapshot versions.
21st century, mate.
Don't checksum the deps unless needed.
A few doc changes.
Suppress socket closed exceptions in interactive tasks.
New project skeletons don't need contrib.
First pass at fixing infinite loop in interactive task.
Make bin/lein compatible with old Bourne shell.
Don't send stderr to the socket repl.
Add logic to create checksum file after creating dependencies
Add ant-nodeps as a dependency to pull in symlink task
The *jure check needs to be case-insensitive. Thanks to kencausey.
Set includeantruntime to false for javac task.
Add version to script wrappers.
Moved make-auth to leiningen.deps from leiningen.deploy.  Modified leiningen.deps/make-deps-task to use make-auth.
Add pcmpl-lein.el for eshell completion.
Update bash completion with latest task list.
Skip fetching deps unnecessarily when :checksum-deps is set.
Separate :snapshots and :releases repository URLs in project.clj.
Make user-specified %CLASSPATH% take priority.
Make user-specified $CLASSPATH take priority.
Update NEWS for 1.5.0 features.
Add test for deploy task.
Add deploy task.
Reload tests in interactive mode.
Bump version to 1.5.0-SNAPSHOT.
Make lein test! able to handle nses
Update copyright year in readme.
Use the current year for the README
Update README to point to the latest Windows release.
Release 1.4.2.
Added .gitattributes to avoid autocrlf for bat files
Switch from JAVA_OPTS to JVM_OPTS in windows batch scripts.
Allow :clean-non-project-classes to be a seq of regexes.
Add sample.project.clj to static-help pages.
Rework some of sample.project.clj.
Switch from JAVA_OPTS to JVM_OPTS. The former retained as an alias for now.
Make lein.bat save self-install jars into LEIN_HOME
Enable extensions in lein.bat.
Let plugins take precedence in lein.bat when running from checkout.
Update README to point to the latest windows release.
Release 1.4.1.
Update NEWS for 1.4.1.
Allow boosting :repl-retry-limit in project.clj for slow-starting projects.
Point to the fixed windows zip file in README.
Allow :main to not trigger AOT with :skip-aot metadata.
Indentation for native-names.
Switch test project to not use missing Clojure snapshot.
Make :deps/:dev-deps aliases for :dependencies/:dev-dependencies.
Clean up after test runs.
Unshadow clojure.core/name to get tests passing again.
Support setting clojure.debug system property.
Make paths absolute when reading project.clj.
Mention :keep-non-project-classes in sample.project.clj.
Don't allow release versions that depend upon snapshots.
Fail correctly in chained tasks.
Bump to version 1.4.1-SNAPSHOT.
Update README to point to the latest windows distribution.
Release 1.4.0.
Switch to $() shell execution for font-lock purposes.
Switching all Github URLs to https.
Clarify checkout dependency FAQ.
No need to skip dev-deps when creating jar.
Support static docs in help task. (readme, tutorial, news, licensing.)
No quotes on repl start message.
Conditionally exit after test runs only.
Revert *exit-when-done* addition. Too drastic.
Mention :test-selectors in sample.project.clj.
Recanting the error of my ways: import classes belong in (), not [].
Move try/catch from repl task to eval-in-project.
Don't try to set ns in repl-server form.
Alias classpath to cp.
Catch exceptions in tasks in interactive task.
Don't exit after eval in repl task either.
Exit after tasks finish when not in interactive task.
Turns out has-source-package is not a good enough keep-class? heuristic.
Link to stable documentation instead of master.
Use latest Hooke.
Update help task to use short summaries.
Mention interactive task and getting slimed in tutorial.
Release 1.4.0-RC2.
Mention interactive task speedup in faq.
Prevent repl task from exiting lein interactive.
Nicer prompt interaction.
Better heuristic for when to close the socket in interactive tasks.
Update plugin task's use of write-components to use new arity.
Clean up a few bits of socket handling in repl and interactive tasks.
Rebind clojure.test/*test-out* in test runs.
Connect to repl socket inside interactive task.
Add :uberjar-exclusions to project.clj.
Make plugin paths platform-independent.
Test plugin installation and create plugins dir where necessary.
Update version numbers in tutorial, for kicks.
Factor out make-build function.
Move copy-out-loop into repl-client.
Use a platform dependent nullsink in test.
Don't install .bat files on Unix.
Replace tabs with spaces.
Convert the original pwd to windows style when on cygwin.
Support :repl-options in project.clj.
Include :all test selector by default.
I love reduce, but it's not appropriate here.
Doco updates.
Solaris compatibility; thanks Licenser.
Print an error message when plugin uninstall fails.
Use a platform dependent tmp folder.
Modify script-template to be able to run on cygwin.
Add support for windows .bat wrappers.
Set working directory in eval-in-project.
Make sure paths in the shell wrapper are unix-style.
Work around a RuntimeMXBean bug.
Use a more portable way of getting user's home folder.
Use windows-style paths when running on windows.
Let the test! task run under lein.bat.
Use the -Xbootclasspath trick in lein.bat.
Place user plugins after lib/ on the classpath.
Better unquote testing.
Deprecate :jar-dir in favour of :target-dir.
bin/lein placement notes.
Expand on bootstrap instructions.
Allow test selectors and namespaces to be specified in the same run.
Mention features for 1.4 in tutorial/plugin docs.
Test fixes.
Factor out read-args function in test task.
Better error message when you don't nest dependencies correctly.
Don't need to generate "Installation" section in skeleton readme.
Release 1.4.0-RC1.
Keep self-install jars in ~/.lein/self-installs instead of ~/.m2.
Documentation updates in preparation for 1.4 release.
Fall back to Clojure 1.2 until bootclasspath issues are resolved.
Skip wget cert check in lein.bat.
Replace homedrive + homepath with userprofile.
Expose leiningen.original.pwd in lein.bat.
Modify lein.bat to allow running from source.
Add test folder to the classpath.
Skip curl cert check in lein.bat as well.
Ignore SSL certs while we wait for Github to get their act together.
Remove usage of handler arg in test task.
Deprecate unused eval-in-project arguments.
Documentation updates. Mention JAVA_CMD, contribution guidelines.
Switch from :test-resources-path to :dev-resources-path; deprecate former.
Deprecation notice for :namespaces in project.clj.
Clarify unclear docstring for run task.
Changed error message when missing required project.
Allow :dev-dependencies without :dependencies.
Update NEWS file for upcoming 1.4 release.
TODO updates.
Add delete-non-project-classes to compile task.
Forgot a test file.
Use a backslash instead of a forward slash.
Allow for spaces in LEIN_HOME.
Allow customization with JAVA_CMD and JAVA_OPTS.
Don't use JLine when inside_emacs.
Use JLine in repl and interactive tasks.
Simplify argument handling with the %* special variable.
Add leiningen plugin locations to the classpath.
Avoid a goto statement.
Move setLocal command higher up the file.
Convert lein.bat to DOS-style line endings.
Set LEIN_JAR before handling args
Allow for spaces in LEIN_JAR path in lein.bat.
Rename first-arg -> flag.
Add run task plus rudimentary tests.
Add local-repo-path as a top-level def for customization.
Don't bother running deps task if there aren't any dependencies.
Add one more subtask-help test.
Add some tests around subtask help formatting.
Pass the task var around to avoid extra lookups.
Move plugin's subtask help mechanism to the help ns.
Add verbose DEBUG output of errors initializing hookes.
Upgrade to Ant 1.7.1 and exclude version from maven-ant-tasks
Remove quote typo.
Added quote marks around CLASSPATH variable to fix parsing error in cygwin.
Add eval-in-leiningen to project.clj.
Make plugin help get picked up by help task.
Allow tasks to provide their own help function.
Move some TODOs to 2.0. Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Support :eval-in-leiningen key in project.clj for plugins.
Lock to Clojure 1.3.0-alpha1 while the dust settles.
Don't create new skeleton in root. Expose leiningen.original.pwd.
Use an arrow in leiningen.help/tasks. Keep it under 80 cols.
Avoid duplication in tasks list in help task
Add password-protected repository in sample.project.clj.
Define ant-project earlier in lancet.
Second attempt at the maven reporting bug, Resolves #112
Call javac where appropriate in compile task.
Mostly todos.
Add javac task.
Don't use keep.
Handle crazy OS X case where read-line doesn't return nil on EOF.
Clarify bootstrap process.
Use read-line instead of read in repl-client.
Clarify implied plugin dependency on Clojure and Contrib.
Revert privatization of internal functions.
Add contrib back in as per mailing list discussions.
Readme formatting.
Add exit command to interactive task.
Support init form in eval-in-project.
Flush repl I/O in a separate thread; closes #71.
minor documentation typo fixes
TODO updates.
Assoc the var onto the metadata for test selectors.
Test selectors may be customized in project.clj.
Primitive test selectors
Specify what file patterns to exclude from jars. Thanks to Zehua Liu.
Parent support in pom task. Don't ask. =\
80 columns please!
Don't shell out in tests; that's terrible.
Add :test-resources-path to sample.project.clj
Silently delete failed self-install downloads.
Now, help output is sorted.
Unprivate for lein-plugin.
README updates for Windows
Unprivate a few more maven util functions.
Don't need swank in project.clj; use user-level plugins.
Dang; no defmacro- yet.
Separate private/internal functions from public API.
Upgrade to Clojure 1.3.0-SNAPSHOT.
Ready for 1.4.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 1.3.1.
Tighten up regex support in :aot declaration with a list comprehension.
move separate function into source code
allow to use regex (or string with regex) to specify which namespaces should be compiled
Documentation updates preparing for 1.3.1.
Actually, pipe standalone install through deps, not regular install.
Pipe standalone install through regular instal to get deps.
Auto-self-install on demand.
Don't skip-dev when getting deps in jar task.
Oops; swapped the order of the repl host/port.
Failing test case for standalone-install bug.
Oh man, what was I even thinking there.
Remove unnecessary do form in defproject.
Quote around the default shell wrapper's $@.
Load user-init file earlier so aliases may be set.
Allow the socket-repl host/port to be customized in project.clj.
Use LEIN_VERSION env var instead of system property.
Newline at the end of gitignore.
Don't allow malformed checkout deps to interfere with eval-in-project.
Mention dependency type setting in NEWS.
Patch for issue 92
Allow lein repl to work with 1.1.0. Curse you, Xbootclasspath!
Use numeric return value for compile task. Tighten up implementation.
Shorten nullsink function
tightening
typo
compile/compile cleanup
We're back! Jar/uberjar fails with a failed compile
compile/compile is a hairy mother, but it behaves.  Added another test project
Suppress compilation stacktrace when testing
Oops; forgot a file.
Allow jar to proceed even if compile returns nil.
Reduce contrib usage. Obligatory grumbles about delete-file-recursively.
NEWS for 1.3.1.
Minor cleanup of :min-lein-version functions.
Changed VERSION in bin/lein to LEIN_VERSION, and export it. Check to ensure :min-lein-version is less than or equal to the current leiningen version
Quit using c.c.as-properties; doesn't seem necessary here.
Added a build-failing project for flexing compilation-failing aware 'jar'; created test_projects and moved sample there too
Allow Ctrl-d to exit the repl even when it runs in Leiningen's process.
Remove eval-without-project
Run non-project REPL in process.
ensure project is present if required
prune lein.bat for unwanted code add self-install feature to lein.bat add dummy upgrade feature to lein.bat
Back to 1.3.1-SNAPSHOT; we have unfinished business here.
Bump version to 1.4.0-SNAPSHOT.
allow repl outside of a project
Start repl in user ns if no :main is found.
Release 1.3.0!
Upgrade Leiningen and "new" task to Clojure 1.2.0 stable.
Documentation updates for 1.3.0.
Document 1.3.0 features.
Added documentation TODOs.
Give more useful error message on self-install.
Bump to 1.3.0-RC1
Update new task and Leiningen itself to use Clojure 1.2.0-RC3.
fix for issue #86, updating the jboss repo in the sample.project.clj
Add :omit-source option to leave files in :source-path out of jars.
NEWS updates; just about ready for 1.3.0-RC1.
Use deps fileset to write shell-wrapper classpath.
Make repl task listen on a repl socket.
Move mvn-specific bits out into util namespace.
Use :reload instead of :reload-all in test skeleton.
Change directories to project root before calculating classpath.
Use the shell wrapper from resources/ if present rather than templating.
Explain why clojure-test-mode is generally nicer than lein test.
Standalone install task implemented.
Add shell wrapper template.
Copy shell wrappers from jar file to FS on install.
Include bin scripts in generated jars when specified in :shell-wrapper.
Indentation and whitespace fixes.
Add support for user-level plugins.
Load user init script on Leiningen launch.
Rename :init-script to :repl-init-script; remove global-init-script.
Make arglist check error more explicit.
Add initial hacking guide; still needs lots of work.
Remove bashisms for portability. Thanks to Mike Meyer.
Add another test for arg chaining.
Clean up argument grouping a bit.
TODO and NEWS updates.
merge multiple-tasks
add small description of init-script related changes
multiple tasks from the command line
Add test! task that cleans and runs deps first.
implement support for global initialization script
check existence of init script
implement loading of init-script specified in project.clj into REPL
task-level arity checking
unifying interactive and normal task calling
more robust project-needed decision
Bump version to 1.3.0-SNAPSHOT.
Yeah, so we want rlwrap with the interactive task too.
Add interactive task. No more waiting around for JVM boot if that's your thing.
Warn when running as root.
Indentation fix.
Don't load hooks unless they're specified in project.clj.
NEWS for 1.2.1, which should be coming soon.
Catch exceptions looking for hooks, not just loading them.
Detect download failures in self-install.
Add resources and test-resources to pom output.
Add pom for alternate building method. Will need to regenerate periodically.
Add Building section to README.
Better hooks loading warning message.
Handle missing .class files better in leiningen.compile/stale-namespaces.
Use a banner image in the readme instead of the full logo.
fix syntax error and some quoting problems
Search parent directories for project.clj if necessary (lein.bat) Deal with cygwin better (lein)
Search parent directories for project.clj if necessary
Added "OpenBSD" :openbsd to compile/native-names.
s/meta-inf/META-INF/g in jar.clj
Work around problems in Java's handling of windows command line escaping
Refactor new task.
Refactor deps task.
Clean up some docstrings.
Refactor jar and uberjar tasks.
Mention disabling the self-install/upgrade task for packagers.
Bump version to 1.2.1-SNAPSHOT.
Release 1.2.0.
Documentation update.
Update -Xbootclasspath Clojure version
Collapse checkout-deps file into compile.clj.
Add Robert Hooke to Leiningen's dependencies.
Bump to using Clojure beta1 for Leiningen and new projects.
new command generates test namespace compatible with clojure-test-mode
Trim long lines.
Suppress hook-loading warning if lib dir is empty.
TODO updates
Leiningen's own build must use :disable-implicit-clean.
Preserve order of :aot namespaces list.
Add note that compilation involves running.
Mention mvn invocation output in lein deps for non-hosted dependencies.
Rearrange and expand uberjar/publishing tutorial sections.
Oops; missed local in my let form.
Bump version to 1.2.0-RC2.
Document changes since RC1 in NEWS file.
Tutorial fix.
Documented :mailing-list and :license in sample.project.clj.
Minor cleanup of make-repository.
Adds support for repositories being maps, adds :username, :password options to the repository map.
Remove unneeded use clause.
Roll back mistaken explicit eval of unquoted defproject args.
Mention unquote in sample.project.clj
Rename munge-project-args to eval-unquoted-project.
Modified defproject to emit unquoted forms verbatim.
Recognize a :classifier keyword for dependencies as the Maven classifier
Clean before uberjar, just to be sure.
Documented :jar-name & :uberjar-name in sample.project.clj.
Added setting of default jar names through :jar-name & :uberjar-name.
Re-enable rlwrap in bin script.
Misc documentation tweaks.
Add support for test-only resources
Implemented documentation suggestions from readers.
Minor tutorial tweaks.
Add a little more output to uberjar task.
Finish compilation, publishing, and uberjar sections of tutorial.
Suppress extra "lein deps" output.
Project skeleton cleanup.
Suppress useless compilation output.
Replace intro with tutorial.
Spruce up the readme a bit.
Snapshot versions now work with self-install.
Version 1.2.0-RC1.
Update NEWS.
Rearrange TODO.
Allow compile task to take a list of namespaces as arguments.
Handle more types of project metadata.
Remove Leiningen's run-task in favour of Robert Hooke.
Document version ranges.
Collapse test task into only a single run-tests call.
Added FreeBSD to native names in order for lien swank to wark on FreeBSD
Some notes.
That last commit was definitely the wine talking.
Find dev-dependencies even when :library-path is customized.
Don't try to deref nil hook atom.
Keep hooks on the task function itself, genius.
Reduce some contrib dependencies.
Added plugin writing guide.
Add sample.project.clj showing all honored project keys.
Make aliases an atom so plugins can change it.
Suppress annoying ant [null] prefix on all output.
Also don't try to read the test results doc if it's empty.
Don't try to read the test results doc if it doesn't exist.
Updated NEWS. This is going to be a big release.
Include arglists in task help output.
Traverse up the current directory's ancestors to find project root.
Make inter-task dependencies honor hooks.
Allow leaving the repl with ctrl-d.
Poll for repl startup.
3/4 of the way to a working socket-based repl task. Take that, Ant!
Don't shutdown agents in core; test task can handle that.
Default to EPL for new projects. Change it if you like.
Exit subprocess after writing test summary.
Remove call to flatten.
Fork unconditionally for now. This helps some things but *breaks* repl.
Allow $JAVA_CMD to be customized.
Allow :all hooks to be set.
If a task returns an integer value, consider it an exit code.
flatten needs to come from contrib seq-utils
Remove dir-locals since setting non-whitelisted vars is annoying.
running the test suite should not recompile and reload between tests!
Write test summary to disk, then read it in test task.
Revert "Allow eval-in-project to exit the VM."
Allow eval-in-project to exit the VM.
Add hooks using symbols instead of strings.
First pass at implementing hooks, inspired by clojure.test fixtures.
Allow :warn-on-reflection to be set in project.clj
Automatically compile and deps in eval-in-project if needed.
NEWS/TODO updates.
Add dir-locals.el to enforce some Emacs settings.
Add Leiningen logo (courtesy of Loren Broach) to resources dir.
Allow :jvm-opts to be set in project.clj.
Allow :fork option to be set in project.clj
Use swank-clojure 1.2.1.
Added Cygwin support to the lein script
Changed lein script to compensate for lack of /dev/null under Windows
Add src/ to lein-level classpath so it can contain lein tasks.
Move lein-swank plugin to swank-clojure.
Allow :aot as alternate way to list :namespaces.
exits with 1 when tests have failures or errors
Roll back to older version of mvn to avoid hanging on exit.
Allow org.clojure group-id to be omitted from clojure/contrib deps.
Clojure 1.2 update: flatten has been promoted to core.
Enough is enough.
Quit using that nasty $ESCAPED_ARGS hack for leiningen.core/-main.
Update gitignore with new jar names.
Keep dev-dependencies in lib/dev, out of the way of uberjar.
Re-enable use of checkout-dependencies.
Update known issues in readme.
Move repl task out of shell script, finally! Depends on Clojure ticket #299.
Upgrade to Clojure 1.2.0-master-SNAPSHOT.
Whitespace change...
More helpful message when no namespaces are configured for compilation.
Keep jar files in root unless :jar-dir specifies otherwise.
Write jar to the :target-path directory.
Added option to omit-default-repositories.
Use rlwrap if detected.
Include version number in jar filenames.
Do not assume bash it as /bin/bash; use /usr/bin/env bash.
move classpath-related functions from compile to classpath module
add "classpath" built-in subcommand
Call read-project from leiningen.core ns.
Implement first run of checkout dependencies.
Mention $RLWRAP environment var in readme in jline section.
slight readme formatting fix.
Add ability to specify jline usage with env variable.
Write ns->path and path->ns functions in core.
I'm dumb; let some conflicts in.
Accept host argument from the command line for lein-swank.
Tweak symlinking of dependent jars.
Make deps generic. Add draft symlink implementation.
Check a project's src/ dir for leiningen tasks.
Use on-disk file mod times in generated jars.  Allows require to use jar-stored AOT compilations.
Separate version check from form generator; add an optional test-package argument to the from generator.
Prevent users of Clojure 1.0 from calling the test task and point them to the lein-test-is plugin. closes #21
Drop back to Clojure 1.1.0 until issues with 1.2.0 are resolved.
write build config into pom -  makes pom-as-project work in NetBeans Enclojure
updating versions and links
allow swank, in lein-swank to accept additional arguments to pass to start-repl
Allow $CLASSPATH to be used to customize repl classpath.
Bunch more TODOs for 1.2.
Added INTRO.md with concept background thanks to slyphon.
TODO updates.
Update lein-swank version and deps.
Added a note to the sample app to explain that it's used in the tests.
Use Java package naming conventions in Main-Class value of JAR manifest.
Add a :main clause to the sample's project.clj file.
Add a note in order to clarify that -Xbootclasspath is optional.
Update lein.bat to reflect the fact that CLOJURE_JAR is optional.
Bump to 1.2.0-SNAPSHOT.
Release 1.1.0!
Don't create single-segment namespaces in the "lein new" skeleton.
restore Xbootclasspath on MacOS X
[github-17] exclude Xbootclasspath from eval-in-project forking of JVM
Allow task functions to be defined in project.clj.
Bump version to RC2.
Skip -Xbootclasspath on OS X until test issues are resolved.
Make no-project-needed set an atom so plugins can add to it.
Update todo and news.
Only shutdown agents in JVMs 1.6+.
Only show repl warning when running in a project dir.
Refining upgrade: check for access, request confirmation.
First pass at an upgrade task.
Move test's shutdown-agents to inside eval-in-project.
Shut down agents after test run.
Compile :main even if not explicitly listed in :namespaces.
Differentiate between no compilable namespaces and no stale namespaces.
Modify test task so it doesn't load clojure.test in Leiningen's classloader.
Tests broke; I'm dumb.
Exclude temp files from jar creation.
Update lein-swank dev dependency to 1.1.0.
Whitespace fix. I'm crazy like that.
Remove overzealous arity catch.
We have a 1.1.0 release candidate.
In bin script, find's -follow argument must come after path.
constraining implicit dependencies resolving
Add a test to ensure tests don't use Leiningen's Clojure version.
Factor out form-for-testing-namespaces for other plugins to use.
Specify namespaces for sample project to compile.
Add build.clojure.org releases repository.
Add a warning for the lein repl task.
Don't use find's -H option; it's not present on older systems.
Switch to ant 1.6.5 so we can access the subclassloader's classpath.
cleaning :library-path
Update lein-swank readme. Yay for random twitter bug reports.
Add a note if compiling with no :namespaces specified.
Make "lein jar" trim :source-path from packed files, not simply "src"
installing pom.xml artifact along with jar
adding error messages to lein.bat
test path should be pointed by :test-path key
TODOs and readme clarification.
Don't try to System/exit from within eval-in-project. It doesn't work.
Update new task. Output project.clj as string. Add skeletal test.
Use Clojure 1.1.0 release for using Leiningen itself.
Ignore autodoc dir.
Add autodoc plugin.
Mention windows support in docs.
windows environment
Update NEWS file.
Don't AOT namespaces by default.
Remove cargo-cult garbage in bin script. Thanks, Steve.
Add a message in the jar task.
Use 1.1.0 for both Leiningen itself and newly-generated projects.
New version of lein-swank.
test for issue 8 fix
replaces '.' with '/' in package name when creating dir
Add berjar alias.
Extra space at end of question.
Removing escaping backslashes from code in README.
Added documentation about :exclusions in :dependencies to the README and deps docstring.
Added documentation about :exclusions in :dependencies to the README and deps docstring.
in eval-in-project, added setFailonerror true
Added exclusions support in project files.  Useful for libraries that have extra dependencies unnecessary for runtime.  (Looking at you, log4j)
may have fixed issues with fork not getting jvm args and setting if on osx
moved setFork so that its only used when needed by native code
made changes as suggested by technomancy
more and better defaults for native-path
added native-path key to project
Minor readme tweaks.
Added exclusions support in project files.  Useful for libraries that have extra dependencies unnecessary for runtime.  (Looking at you, log4j)
Rename exit-with-error to abort.
Honor $RLWRAP if present in repl task.
Bump version.
print an error message instead of a stack trace when no project.clj is found
use exit-with-error instead of printing an error message and calling System/exit separately every time
Release 1.0.1!
first shot at bash completion for lein shell script
Be more verbose about the JVM in lein version.
Honor $JAVA_OPTS.
Oops; new is shadowed by a macro; can't call it like that.
Avoid rest args where possible in order to catch arity mistakes.
Modify test task to take advantage of fixed clojure bug #193.
Use 1.1.0-master, not -alpha.
report wrong arity, don't crash
grammar fix
fix NPE when doing "lein core"
Abort when running self-install on SNAPSHOT versions.
Stray println snuck in.
Replace rlwrap with jline for repl task.
Call .replace instead of str-replace. Don't create lib or classes, just ignore.
Don't pass in a project arg to tasks that don't use it.
teach "leiningen add" not to conflate project's name and directory.
Add aliases for version command. Don't need a project to use it.
added 'version' command
Bump version number to 1.0.1-SNAPSHOT
Releasing 1.0.0.
More details in lein-swank exception catching.
Pass args through on repl task.
Mention known issues, add readme to lein-swank.
Run swank server using eval-in-project.
Release Candidate 1? Why certainly; I don't mind if I do.
Only include :resources-path in jar if it exists.
Allow callers of eval-in-project to customize the java task.
Add resources/ dir to the classpath and generated jars.
Add project's lib/ directory to lein classpath for plugins.
Added code to use rlwrap for "lein repl" if present.
Add NEWS file with release notes. 1.0 is just around the corner.
Minor readme/todo tweaks.
Temporarily disable -Xbootclasspath until cause of NPE is discovered.
Explain optional project.clj keys in readme. Note publishing deps on clojars.
Heh... if lein-swank depends on leiningen that'd be a circular dependency.
System/exit appropriately depending on pass/fail count.
Todo updates.
always use -Xbootclasspath/a, if $CLOJURE_JAR doesn't exist there's no harm done
try to detect clojure.jar so we can use -Xbootclasspath/a
Mention cleaning before uberjar to avoid dev deps.
Skip dev dependencies when pulling deps for compiling.
If no task is given fall back to help task.
Change sample project to use Clojure 1.0.0.
Run compile and test tasks in isolated classloader
Unify terminology: there are no commands, just tasks.
Allow test task to take namespaces as an argument.
Updated todos.
Updated contribution notes.
Add lein-swank as a dev dependency.
fixed weird jars issue crashing uberjar task; no longer checking input ZipEntry size
Disable help summary output until Clojure bug #130 is fixed. =(
Added test for install task.
The install task no longer shells out to maven.
Running a dev version of lein from a checkout shouldn't use LEIN_JAR.
Remove duplicate task output from help task.
Don't mkdir classes if it's a task that doesn't take a project arg.
add note to todo about getting lein version from clojure code
we no longer create a pom-generated.xml so we no longer have to clean it
improve "clean" command: Don't delete lib/ and classes/, just empty them. Also delete -standalone jar and pom-generated.xml
clean should delete whatever (:compile-path project) is, not hardcode "classes/"
make :compile-path a key that's always present in the project hash map
move mkdir of classes/ from shell script into core.clj
Update todos.
remove lancet require from pom, it wasn't being used
include a pom.properties file in the jar
refactor pom and jar code to use make-pom
generate pom byte array (instead of on disk) and include that in the jar in appropriate meta-inf/groupid/artifactid directory
refactor writing files to jar into a multimethod
use org-mode "Tags" instead to assign work in todo.org
Bootstrap instructions, take 3.
Oops, bootstrap install is slightly more complicated than that.
Add TODOs.
Neither "new" nor "help" tasks need a project to run.
Update readme for easier dev installation; add some TODOs.
use java.util.jar to build jars instead of lancet
Leave lib/ and classes/ intact but delete their contents.
remove gen-class on leiningen.core and update lein shell script and project file to deal with it
put Manifest.txt in classes/ instead of toplevel project directory
Update credits. Thanks, Alex and Dan!
put more info into the manifest of jars we build
Yes, we are picky about whitespace, too.
Appropriate error codes and improved message for command-not-found.
handle missing command
lein test should aggregate all test failures/passes etc and display a summary at the end of all the tests
Don't mkdir classes unless you're in a project directory.
Fall back to LEIN_JAR if core.class isn't found.
Resolve symlinks to the script itself, not parent directories in a cross-platform way.
resolve symlinks in a cross-platform way, using pwd -P
Follow symlinks when finding BIN_DIR.
don't check for existence of git repo, all we need to do is check for the source
if lein shell script is being run from a git checkout then we should put src:lib:classes on the CLASSPATH in addition to the LEIN_JAR
When creating a standalone jar don't unpack deps.
Call setScm on the model object not the scm. Oops.
Only call setScm if retrieving git data actually works.
Ignore standalone jar too.
Make uberjar create a $PROJECT-standalone.jar file.
Populate the scm tag in the pom with git data if available.
Update lein-swank.
Only compile classes if the bytecode is older than the .clj source.
Write to pom-generated.xml instead of pom.xml; don't prompt to overwrite.
Add new task for generating project skeletons.
Mention clojars in the readme.
Bump version to 1.0.0-SNAPSHOT
Calling it good: releasing 0.5.0!
Skip dev dependencies when they probably aren't needed.
Added :description output to pom.xml.
Add somewhat-detailed help output for each task.
Add help command and summaries for each command.
Move deps-if-missing to shell script. Needs to happen before JVM launch.
Warning on install if mvn is missing.
Add disclaimer to autogenerated pom files.
Enable jars to be created with Main-Class set in manifest.
Add src/ and project.clj to jar.
Prompt to overwrite if pom.xml exists already.
Allow setting group in defproject.
Added first-pass implementation of install command.
Remove some overlap from pom.clj and deps.clj.
Add pom task.
Move the remnants of swank out of lein proper.
bin/lein: ensure $PATH is searched when checking for curl.
Swank-clojure isn't available in a repo yet.
update usage for lein script
Add motivation to README
Spin off swank into a subproject.
Only bring in dev dependencies when testing.
Support development dependencies.
Use lancet for jar creation.
Clarify installation instructions.
Download dependencies where appropriate.
Oops; forgot to update dependency notation in readme.
Allow custom :repositories to be specified in project.clj.
Added a note about bootstrapping.
lein shell script should show usage if you don't give a task
Add a test for the compile task.
Use client JVM since it shouldn't be a long-running process.
Move test project to sample/ dir.
Don't freak out when cleaning an already-clean project.
Use group.id/artifact notation in project.clj.
Couple more TODOs
Version is no longer optional in defproject.
put quotes around $1 in lein shell script so it runs okay on OS X
This is not 1.0-level material... yet.
Improve self-install.
Comment out broken lancet call.
Move condition to doseq form in uberjar.
Don't need to bind *compile-path* in compile.
Add self-install command.
Remove need for fully-qualified defproject.
Update lancet to use latest ant API.
Add swank command.
Add jar and uberjar commands.
Add clean command.
Use with-ns so defproject works unqualified. Bind *compile-path* explicitly.
Bite the bullet and bundle lancet since it's not in any real repo yet.
Move away from build.clj to project.clj.
Allow tests to be filtered on predicates.
Added FAQ, License.
Bind *compile-path*, not sure how it becomes unbound.
Implement compile command.
Remove stub namespaces for now.
Move to leiningen.core.
Added temporary install note.
Four spaces to indent a shell script, you HEATHEN!
Added test namespace/task.
Make bin script slightly smarter. One step at a time.
Move main.clj to core.clj
Fleshed out minimal bin script
Put jars directly in lib/ instead of nesting.
Rudimentary tests.
Split functionality out into several namespaces.
Initial commit.
