Check placeholder value when setting dirty state.
set is_dirty when placeholder exists
Remove mouseup event on slider to let change event occur.
Update _variables.scss
Add public method setTab to set the active tab programmatically
Update data-table.js
Update data-table.js
Automatic uncheck header checkbox
Add expansion component
Add Snackbar hide method
chore(package): update gulp-zip to version 4.0.0 (#5018)
Updated README.md to communicate MCW as MDL v2 (#5023)
Remove invalid property.
Bump to 1.3.0
_radio.scss: scale() instead of scale3d()
sgomes-update-1.x-repo
Updating JSCS and fixing linting errors. Also removing custom JSCS rule for Closure.
Update most dependencies
chore(package): update babel-core to version 6.20.0
chore(package): update gulp-sass to version 3.0.0
Temporarily disable memory tests in drone due to timeouts.
fix(radio): add height and vertical-align
fix
Update readme with mdl-layout__tab-manual-switch.
chore(package): update gulp-imagemin to version 3.1.0
fix ripple.js bug (#4865)
fix(tabs): Allow tab hrefs to point anywhere
Add class to disable js layout switching
feat(Card): enable border for mdl-card__supporting-text
chore(package): update gulp-sourcemaps to version 2.0.1
refix radio.js, mocha is true
fix data-table unit test
fix radio unit test
fix
Add a missing space
chore(package): update gulp-mocha-phantomjs to version 0.12.0
Prevent component upgrades by catching events.
Revert "Add componentHanderConfig to config auto upgrade"
Add componentHanderConfig to config auto upgrade
chore(package): update jquery to version 3.1.1
chore(package): update acorn to version 4.0.3
Add comment to be consistent with comments above other demo snippets
chore(package): update gulp-load-plugins to version 1.3.0
Bump to 1.2.1
Tweak drawer button alignment in desktop sizes.
update space on comment of  button disabled (#4718)
chore(package): update gulp-flatten to version 0.3.1
Bump to 1.2.0
chore(package): update mocha to version 3.0.2
chore(package): update mocha to version 3.0.1 (#4631)
chore(package): update gulp-uglify to version 2.0.0
chore(package): update mocha to version 3.0.0
chore(package): update gulp-connect to version 5.0.0
chore(package): update acorn to version 3.3.0
Add chip icon for docs.
Make tooltip not blur in Chrome
Add issue template outlining feature request / bug reporting guidelines
Show tab overflow arrows
Added style for unused variable
Corrected template source URLs
Update README to match master branch version
Added mdl-chip component
Add the `data-mdl-for` attribute to tooltips.
Ensure string on margin-left property
Possible fix for #1398
Call CustomEvent constructor instead of Event.
eslint error fixes
Remove automatic name/value example. Functionality was removed before publishing.
Update button note to reflect disabled classes purpose.
Small tweak to make Closure compiler happy
Bump to 1.1.3
Add magic viewport to all templates and documentation.
fix tab navigation for external links
Bump node version on CI to 4+5 (use matrix)
Bump to 1.1.2
Quick fix to stop new versions of CSSO from breaking the build
Check if the drawer is open before responding to escape keystrokes.
Refocus the :focused element after the layout rendering
Address snackbar MD alignment.
End tag of paragraph open
gupl build command run
Initial position snackbar center aligned
fix: snackbar container center aligned
add portfolio template Previously the Portfolio template was not listed/linked in the `README.md` file.
rename `home.html` to `index.html` Because the index page for the portfolio template wasn't named `index.html` the server was not able to find it when requesting the preview for the page. The file `home.html` had to be renamed to `index.html` and all files including a link to the index page had to be adjusted to this change.
add portfolio template Previously the portfolio template was not shown in the template index because it wasn't included in the `templates.md` file and no preview image was given in template assets folder.
Add some bulletproofing to deconstructComponentInternal.
fixes #4084 - DataTable sorting icon
Bump to 1.1.1
Improves the list to bring it closer to spec.
Add david-dm badge
Add inline display to list item avatar icons.
Update out of sync classnames.
Adding list docs.
Maintain consistent indentation levels
Bump to 1.1.0
Removing auto-focusing in layout.
Adding dialog to component documentation
Adding snackbar to components docs.
Add clear note that dialogs must be child of body.
reset mdl-button margin
Switch from sTO to rAF
:new: Add dialog component
Some alignment fixes to android.com template
Tweak data-table to make action alignment just work.
Remove unnecessary comma in styles (fixes #3608)
	modified:   README.md
Added List Docs
fix snackbar action element not cleaned up
Remove the microsite's usage, and more importantly, our prescription that users import our resource  via the storage.googleapis.com domain, and rather suggest they access our resources via the simpler https://code.getmdl.io/thing.
safari layout scrolling issue workaround
Simplify will-change for buttons.
Appeasing closure after snackbar changes
Animate snackbars.
Switching to HTTPS for Codepen now that it works again.
add missing closing tags on polygon svg elements
Revert "dashboard: add missing closing slashes (closes #2555)"
dashboard: add missing closing slashes (closes #2555)
Add copyright header to list.
Update item line modifiers to use proper syntax.
Spelling fix.
"Twitter Bootstrap" => "Bootstrap"
add missing closing tags on line and circle svg elements
add missing closing slashes
Hide number spinners for textfields.
fix MaterialRipple#upHandler_()
fix textfield `focus` listener on safari
Add note on parent position requirement.
Update progress readme for new modifier.
Change to modifier for intermediate progress state.
Update typography of navigation links.
Use npm update in drone builds
Refactor snackbar.
Added gitter badge
Add font family to textfield inputs for consistency.
Update package.json
Update package.json
Remove buggy focus test.
Adding documentation for new data-table options
Remove phantom from top level deps
Add drone upgrade-related changes
Update package.json
Update drool and API calls
Remove gulpfile from linting
An attempt to fix phantomjs-based tests in CI
Upgraded drone config
Utilize event deduping with addEventListener
Changed modifier naming to refer to the header block instead of the whole data table
Changed ligatures to codepoints
Added sorted column style as described in https://www.google.com/design/spec/components/data-tables.html#data-tables-interaction
Converted material-icons typography class into a mixin
Extend documentation for tooltips
:new: List component
:new: Textfield checkfocus
Cleaned code after merge
Tooltip positions
Use Unicode point for layout hamburger button (fixes #1859)
Make obfuscator transition opacity instead of background-color
Make drawer toggle public method for layout.
drawer button is button element, click and keyboard event handler, tests
Remove box shadow on raised disabled.
Some minor closure compiler improvements/fixes.
Add mdl-typography--body-1-force-preferred-font to the navigation elements so that Roboto is used rather than Helvetica
removed button background image
removed redundant commented code
added image specific classes
replaced .mdl-layout__header .mdl-layout__drawer-button with .portfolio-header .mdl-layout__drawer-button
updated the CSS files to they target specifically. .portfolio-header .mdl-layout__header-row instead of .mdl-layout__header-row
updated the meta tag description for all of the HTML files
Updated the CSS and JS links for the templates in order to make them consistent with existing templates. This also helps with testing the builds
Adding portfolio template and tutorial files
s/pallet/palette
Update card supporting text to align with spec.
Add material-icons to typography
Remove shadow from disabled buttons.
Textfield can autofocus.
Add padding to icon for proper spacing.
Implementing comments on the pull request
Propose a fix for issue #1862
use google.com for Material Design links
Adding new option to hide top rather than bottom in a waterfall
Bump to 1.0.6
Increase specificity of drawer scrolling fix so it works with scrolling headers.
Adding public alias to radio downgrade method
update es5-shim
Add showcase styling
Add showcase image resources
Update showcase FAQ
Add showcase content
Add showcase to navigation
Add showcase template
Align search icon with menu icon in Firefox
Don't call private component methods from the component handler.
More JSCS fixes: - Adding reporting (syntax changed with gulp-jscs 3.0) - Working around bug with relative paths in some versions of jscs
Updating gulp-jscs to ^3.0.0 to avoid custom rule breakage
Reverting #1806 after discussing approach.
Print in wonderful tables
🚿 Add component upgrade/downgrade leak tests
Cleanup duplicate blocks. Add newline after headings.
Downgrade radio components.
Remove automatic name and value for data table checkboxes.
Removing Android font from template and repository.
Menu: fix early-menu-hide bug when click on menu item (closes #1706)
Display color name on the wheel with tooltip #516 (Closes #1788)
Add badges to readme
Add full bleed modifier for menu items.
Clean up gulp all task.
Rename non-BEM class for layout title.
Textfields can initialize as invalid.
Remove uneeded section from slider readme.
use has/getAttribute instead of dataset.
Make set white badge colors accent contrast.
Add select element class to CssClasses_ property. Clean up multiple class assignment to checkbox.
Remove hard-coded color and set right value for variable.
Increase button padding to adhere to primary button specification.
Remove primary snackbar heading.
Make $image_path overridable (closes #1767)
Small fixes to JS after internal code review.
Set cursor to default on disabled button
Consecutive `+` CSS selectors sometimes cause problems in WebKit.
Remove eat function from layout (Closes #1652)
Disallow scrolling if drawer is open (fixes #1348)
Add support for `data-mdl-disabled` attribute (fixes #1722)
Namespace menu's `data-for` attribute
fix ripple effect on menubtn (fixes #1727)
More fixes for broken sibling selector in iOS
Set max-width to 100% in .mdl-progress
Switching android.com template away from using CDN
Remove double header background color in dashboard
Remove eat function from layout (Closes #1652)
Disallow scrolling if drawer is open (fixes #1348)
Add 24dp shadow (fixes #1606) (Closes #1654)
gulpfile - merge `jscs` and `jshint` tasks
gulpfile - more ES2015ify
gulpfile - code style and consistency tweaks
Bump dependencies and remove unused ones
Switch Codepen POST URL to HTTP instead of HTTPS
Upgrade `del` and fix its usage in the gulpfile
ES2015ify the gulpfile
Update textfield.js (closes #1674)
Remove even more XHTML slashes
Re-expose MaterialLayoutTab (fixes #1665)
fix path to font in templates/android_dot_com (fixes #1666)
Bump to 1.0.5
Remove XHTML slashes
Increase code.getmdl.io caching to 30 days (fixes #1427)
Add favicon and homescreen icons to templates (fixes #1449)
Put absolute image paths into variable (fixes #1426) (Closes #1649)
Increase code.getmdl.io caching to 30 days (fixes #1427) (Closes #1653)
Add favicon and homescreen icons to templates (fixes #1449) (Closes #1650)
Put absolute image paths into variable (fixes #1426) (Closes #1649)
Add support for `data-for` on menu (fixes #1556) (Closes #1651)
blog template: Make background image smaller and responsive (fixes #1403)
Set useful CDN text selections on click (fixes #1326)
:goat: Split up memory tests
:star: Add snackbar memory tests
Check if drawer button exists before creating a new one.
Add `mdl-badge--overlap` class (fixes #708)
Add snackbar js to gulp sources. Update script with comments for closure compiler.
Updating drone config to pick up mocha:closure task
Adding a mocha:closure gulp task, to test closure-compiled JS.
update Closure Compiler to pipe to ./dist
Closure compiler fixes for new data table functionality
Adding reordering classes to the grid
Template stylesheet link consistency
Add optional Closure Compiler support
:hammer: Harden unwrapping logic.
Small Closure compiler bugfixes to data-table and slider
Symbol export fixes for polyfills
Exporting symbols on all components, and minor referencing bugfixes.
Ensure mdlComponentHandler.js doesn't pass through uniffe
Improves compatibility of the componentHandler with Closure compiler.
Tweaking JSCS and JSHint to allow for foo['bar'] syntax
Add reset event of Textfield
Allow tab navigation to be used for external links
Tiny documentation fix for gulpfile
Closure styling fixes for 1.1 work
Styling fixes across the codebase to play well with Closure. Also configures JSCS to work with our code a bit better.
s/Components/components
Updating gitignore
Add comment to _variables.scss
Add !default to sass variables so they can be overridden
Add Snackbar :candy:
Change in the function upgradElementsInternal to enable the upgrade of child elements created by parent element's upgrade, like RippleContainerElement in Checkbox. The problem was happening when the element was created dynamically.
Disable styles when fieldset is set to disabled.
Change in the function upgradElementsInternal to enable the upgrade of child elements created by parent element's upgrade, like RippleContainerElement in Checkbox. The problem was happening when the element was created dynamically.
Clarifying
#1395 - Improve Menu page's documentation
Adding options for hiding drawer buttons (always and desktop only).
insert empty <td> in <tfoot> of selectable datatable
#1355 - More refactoring in tests
#1355 - Adding the code change
#1355 - Auto Check Checkboxes when the row has the is-selected class
Adding docs for grid offset
Adding offsets to grid. See #239.
Align icons with text in navigation link
fix add space between # and headings (closes #1450)
Cleanup of the README markdown 'code' style.
Bump to 1.0.4
Add missing files to release folder (fixes #1422)
Remove unnecessary line
Add a way to test templates against a locally built version of the MDL libs
Add missing files to release folder (fixes #1422)
Remove eating mousewheel event on drawer so it can be scrolled.
Refactor click handler into a separate function.
Simplify the templates zip file so they are easier to grasp.  - Now generating a zip file for each template  - Removed the generated MDL libs that were included and now referencing the hosted versions  - Removed the bower.json and packages.json files.
Bumping to 1.0.3
Set `visibility: hidden` on menu if not visible (fixes #1025)
Image optimisations (Templates)
Add Uniffe to reduce closure count
Update README.md
Use spans for badge demos so they look good on codepen (fixes #1341)
Use code points rather than ligatures in nav
Add note to grid about specificity of selectors.
Revert "#1355 - Auto Check Checkboxes when the row has the is-selected class"
Don't use styleguide to compile css lib (fixes #1366)
#1355 - Refactoring
#1355 - Auto Check Checkboxes when the row has the is-selected class
Updated the H5BP file
Add variables for font sizes in components.
Removing underscores, following further comments on #1346
Standardising function import to use _ and adding license header
Apply IIFE to entire javascript bundle at publish
Adjust gulpfile to styleguide
Explicitely export componentHandler
Wrap tooltip in IIFE
Wrap textfield in IIFE
Wrap tabs in IIFE
Wrap switch in IIFE
Wrap spinner in IIFE
Wrap slider in IIFE
Wrap ripple in IIFE
Wrap radio in IIFE
Wrap progress in IIFE
Wrap menu in IIFE
Wrap layout in IIFE
Wrap icon-toggle in IIFE
Wrap data-table in IIFE
Wrap checkbox in IIFE
Wrap button in IIFE
Make footer links accessible (fixes #1337)
Making mdl-layout-icon usage a bit clearer
Drop timeout back to 0
Add menu memory retry logic
Removing all references to the mdl-layout--overlay-drawer-button class
Run memory tests on CI
Remove unneeded textfield-demo classes from Text Fields documentation (Closes #1315)
Remove unneeded progress-demo classes from Loading documentation
Add initial automated memory test.
Update textfield demos
Update slider demos
Update progress demos
Update menu demos
Update layout demos
Update grid demo
Update badges demo
Auto-generate unique classes for each demo
Update documentation (Closes #1296)
Add disabled class to button
Adding extra git commands that windows users should run to receive correct line endings (Closes #1301)
Handle disabled textfields with floating labels (fixes #1255) (Closes #1302)
Allow repaint to occur before removing ripple visibility
link for wiki added in readme.md
Explicitly use absolute path for gulp task "style:gen"
Simplify cell columns on grid component
Some tweaks to the text
Catch scrolling when drawer is open (fixes #1076) (Closes #1282)
Align icons inside buttons with text (fixes #1131) (Closes #1281)
Adding a link to contributing.md in readme.md
link for AngularJS contribution guidelines added
fixes git clone --bare to git clone to run npm install
Ensure style template is rendered before generating color combos
Increase cache TTL to 1 hour for code.getmdl.io
Only remove hamburger space on desktop (fixes #1245) (Closes #1249)
Rebase against master
removed ( ), which are actually redundant
moved type annotations
JSDoc type annotation fixes
Add mdlDowngrade to menu (fixes #1257) (Closes #1258)
main.js: disable empty links
Remove superfluous display property on .mdl-button
Revert "Add `mdl-badge--overlap` class (fixes #708)"
Revert "Add `mdl-badge--overlap` class"
Adjust documentation (Closes #)
Add `mdl-badge--overlap` class (fixes #708)
Set textfield internal nodes to block (fixes #1236) (Closes #1247)
Move Closure types on componentHandler to hide from global namespace, adds comment
removed ( ), which are actually redundant
Set textare to `display: block` to remove baseline spacing (fixes #1178) (Closes #1234)
Don't raise disabled colord buttons (fixes #1241) (Closes #1244)
Adjust documentation
Add `mdl-badge--overlap` class (fixes #708)
Ensure primary and accent are distinct (fixes #1206) (Closes #1228)
Added unit test for checking sibling updates on change. (Closes #1229)
moved type annotations
JSDoc type annotation fixes
Bump to 1.0.2
Adjust layout large-screen breakpoint (fixes #1185) (Closes #1186)
Added new methods for checking state on other components. Overhauled tests naming and style.
Code styling (Closes #1192)
Avoid dataset for IE10. (Closes #1190)
Update mini footer example to use non-deprecated classes.
Update mega footer snippet to use non-deprecated classes.
Add README to _release
Bump package.json, bower.json
Update watch directives (Closes #1147)
Add linters as dependency to scripts task
Rename publish:bower to publish:release
Adjust .drone.yml accordingly
Use subtree to push _release
Separate lib from microsite in default task
Don't save space for a burger icon when drawer is fixed (fixes #1032)
Add doc on no spacing modifier.
Address card review. (Closes #1145)
Add note on NodeJS requirement. (Closes #1126)
Add phantomjs to dependencies explicitly
Update gulp-sass version.
Emit blur events for tooltips (fixes #1061) (Closes #1151)
Drop telling people to file issues on another tracker for the site.
Issue with menu overlapping header
Looked at the CSS and updated accordingly
Created downgrade method for MaterialProgress.
Set layout breakpoint according to spec (fixes #902) (Closes #1128)
Add note about MD spec to typography section (fixes #942) (Closes #1124)
Clarify tooltip display event for touch UIs.
Re-add captions for snippets (Closes #972)
More visual feedback for unsupported browsers
Remove swfobject as well
Don't copy when user has selected text manually
Use 'this' w/ bind instead of ctx = this
Replace flash clippy with native implementation
Clarify sticky nav bit in text-heavy's template description (fixes #1024)
Show tooltips on touchstart (fixes #1064)
Remove legacy wrapper from layout demo code (fixes #1082)
Use correct markup in blog template
Add roles attributes and addition descriptions to text-only template
Add roles attributes and addition descriptions to dashboard template
Added check classes for various textfield states.
fix #1058, added role attributes to icons and additional button description to blog template
Bugfix for component handlers callbacks (registered via "registerUpgradedCallback") (Closes #1067)
Issue #702 (Closes #1075)
Expanded componentHandler unit tests. Removed uneeded comments.
Add upgradeElements method to componentHandler.
add missing en
Remove spacing.css reference since this file doesn't exist anymore.
Add flag to not target elements directly for typography. (Closes #1038)
Update MD spec link.
Added variable to trim color pallet. (Closes #991)
Link to meta viewport article.
Updated mini footer to have proper naming in addition to old non-BEM naming. (Closes #993)
Updated mega footer to have proper naming in addition to old non-BEM naming.
Move shadow down in import to provide the most specificity. (Closes #1007)
Removed uneeded icon class from badge demos. (Closes #1010)
Add rule to remind people about meta viewport. (Closes #1011)
Expose checkbox as widget for developer manipulation. (Closes #1013)
Add faq entry on keeping updated with issues. (Closes #1015)
Documentation fixes for Button component
Remove duplicate box-shadow property.
Add FAQ item: showcase of sites using MDL
Note to Windows users about line endings.
Improve upgradeElement CSS class detection
Upgrade getting started guide to reflect new upgradeElement simplification.
Finish off tests (Closes #922)
Testing upgrading an element using its CSS classes.
Initial test for component handler.
Add touch delay negation for mobile IE. Misc cleanup. (Closes #906)
MD icon font is not optional
Add disabled state for colored buttons. Move all disabled to bottom.
fixed typo.
add missing en
Remove spacing.css reference since this file doesn't exist anymore.
Add flag to not target elements directly for typography. (Closes #1038)
Turn widget explicitly on for things that should be.
Add responsibilities section to Getting Started.
Update MD spec link.
Added variable to trim color pallet. (Closes #991)
fix #994, removed unnecessary 100% width from menu item
Link to meta viewport article.
Updated mini footer to have proper naming in addition to old non-BEM naming. (Closes #993)
Updated mega footer to have proper naming in addition to old non-BEM naming.
Move shadow down in import to provide the most specificity. (Closes #1007)
Removed uneeded icon class from badge demos. (Closes #1010)
Add rule to remind people about meta viewport. (Closes #1011)
Expose checkbox as widget for developer manipulation. (Closes #1013)
Add faq entry on keeping updated with issues. (Closes #1015)
Documentation fixes for Button component
Remove duplicate box-shadow property.
Add FAQ item: showcase of sites using MDL
Note to Windows users about line endings.
Improve upgradeElement CSS class detection
Finish off tests (Closes #922)
Testing upgrading an element using its CSS classes.
Initial test for component handler.
Add touch delay negation for mobile IE. Misc cleanup. (Closes #906)
Upgrade getting started guide to reflect new upgradeElement simplification.
MD icon font is not optional
Quick note on the stability of the master branch.
Add disabled state for colored buttons. Move all disabled to bottom.
Change example emails to use a test TLD
Upgrade element based on css class names
Adjust z-indices for iOS Safari <3 (fixes #872) (Closes #883)
Simplify code. (Closes #884)
Replace for loop by forEach
Generate CodePen buttons in templates instead of on page load.
Throw error objects, not plain strings. (Closes #875)
Make tabs in text-only template behave in mobile (fixes #835)
Replace duplicated button demo (fixes #845)
android-dot-com template: use CSS hosted on CDN
adds correct path for bower_components (Closes #780)
fix(docs): edit Web Starter Kit link description.
Icon font always referred to with HTTPs.
Removed dupe rel="stylesheet" from Styles page
Disable webkit specific look on submit buttons on iOS (fixes #825) (Closes #827)
Re-add icon to drawer menu (Closes #823)
Use right container item for drawer menu (fixes #759)
Text fields: max width of 100%
Align icons in headerbar (fixes #787) (Closes #817)
Accept floats in textfield demos (fixes #815) (Closes #818)
Add alternate preprocessor question to FAQ (Closes #812)
Update faq.md
Update faq.md
Use fixed positioning for mobile sticky nav (Closes #730)
Handle scrolling .mdl-layout container
Enable flicky scrolling on iOS Safari
Slider tweaks for focus and active states at 0-value.
Link to license file.
Ensures textfields work as inline blocks in Firefox.
Rework the readme to make it clear it is for contributors.
Revert "Remove assets from template zip"
Remove assets from template zip
Exclude generated templates from template zip file
Actually link to templates zip file (fixes #797)
Make note boxes white (fixes #643) (Closes #723)
Adjust spacing on components pages
Enable syntax highlighting for code snippets. (Closes #789)
Adjust text width on components index (Closes #752)
Unregister cleanup handlers (fixes #761) (Closes #768)
Update to reflect revised package.json
Hiding tooltips on touchmove
package.json tweaks
make the tables in the readme look good in ascii too
minor readme tweaks
NPM → npm
Update links at "Coding Rules" in contributing.md
Use correct paths for bower instructions (fixes #762) (Closes #767)
Move gulp:publish -related stuff to deploy: section
Hiding tooltips on scroll
Request components via tracker template.
Readme templates had an extra blank list item
Adding an eventLabel to the codepen button tracking.
Template Links point to existing links
Track codepen button clicks
Increase contrast on hover in dashboard template (fixes #739) (Closes #750)
Update reference to "cutting-the-mustard" test
Better wording (tm) (Closes #736)
Add reference to JS in customizer wording
make link to site more prominent in GH README.md (Closes #746)
Dump in development section.
perf improvement for hosted MDL guidance
fatal typo in css link on customizer page
Reduce margin on mobile (Closes #720)
Adjust components index page (fixes #639)
Adjust badge weight (Closes #729)
Run napa from drone
Enable npm install logs and trigger ci build
Adding issue templates to contributing guide (Closes #728)
Update FAQ styling (fixes #675) (Closes #725)
Use summed size (Closes #717)
Add filesizes to the microsite
Track clicks to the components page as pageviews. Also track correctly a direct page load to a component.
Add syntax highlighting for bash code blocks. (Closes #721)
Enable serving gzipped content
Center badge text on Safari (Closes #706)
Resize logo when header gets small (Closes #718)
Track download clicks (Closes #714)
Emit GA events on customizer
Move GA to the top and add error tracking
Scrolling back to the top of the page after opening a component page on mobile.
Update microsite logo (fixes #709) (Closes #715)
add return of streams to zip:mdl and zip:templates
syntax error fix
include mdl-templates.zip generation in sequence
make zip file generation synchronous and deterministic before pushed to cloud
Make title card top card on mobile (Closes #707)
modify RE to avoid including 300 color combo css files in mdl.zip (Closes #710)
Replace HTML escaping to use URL escaping for the copy-paste text passed to the flash object.
Removing special codepen style Because this breaks the menu demos in codepen
Avoid relying on node_modules/.bin to be in the PATH.
Make examples more consistent
adjust cache ttl to 60s for code.getmdl.io objects
reduce cache ttl to 60s for prod, to facilitate quick fixes
one more try to fix indentation
fix improper indentation
parallelize upload of runtime objects
make default build generate color combos of css files
Move prism, swfobject to devdeps
bower.json: drop 'images' from main.
Tidy up build-time header. (Closes #698)
Ensure bower, npm and LIC files are added to dist (Closes #697)
Allow breaking words if needed on code blocks.
Blog template: Better comment for FF workaround (Closes #694)
Dashboard template: Better comment on browserhack
Android template: Load material.js the same way as in other templates
Android template: Add "view source" button
Dashboard template: Add IE10/11 browser hack for SVG graphs
Dashboard template: Use correct Roboto font in graph
Dashboard template: Find an acceptable color combination to work around #693
Dashboard template: Remove icon from menu
Text-only template: Add missing checkbox for collapsing footer on mobile
Text-only template: Remove accidental @extend directive
Blog template: Make menu appear on-screen on mobile
Link to template folder rather than index.html
Add missing License headers (Closes #692)
Bump packages to 1.0.0
Small fix to the vertical centering of the new copy-to-clipboard icon.
Removing Test libs in Codepen.
Tweaking demos for codepen (Closes #684)
Updating layout component name in docs (Closes #677)
Replacing borders with shadows and removing scrolling from most demos.
Styling title in footer
Implementing reviews in #650 and #657
Add padding to footer (Closes #664)
Rework progress demos (fixes #660)
Style <h1>s as well
Remove "elements" header on multi-component pages
Improve copy icon (fixes #680) (Closes #682)
Don't capitalize external links in nav (Closes #678)
Add padding to the top of components nav
Move text in components nav bar (fixes #636)
Hide icons in nav on mobile
Align nav with logo
Remove underlines from hover
Set nav item padding
Switch to fixed padding for snippets demos in small screens since this does't work in FF.
typo fix
Add relative positioning to pre block on getting started
add missing README.md for icon-toggle component
Remove switch labels (Closes #666)
Made tag extraction logic more generic Keep indentation Added styling to elements (Closes #662)
Further codepen fixes: - Extract the `<script>` tags into the JS codepen tab - Add margin in between each components to avoid them looking squashed (for example the 2 progress bars)
Use proper icons for tooltip demo (fixes #604) (Closes #668)
Make forbidden accents in customizer transparent (fixes #644) (Closes #669)
Revert typo (Closes #670)
Give slider demos a bigger width (fxies #661)
Hide codepen text outside of container (fixes #673)
removed doc links to demo pages because they are redundant and are badly formatted, only value is testing so pages are retained for that purpose but links removed from all comp pages (Closes #667)
Adding syntax highlighting for CSS and JS (Closes #623)
csso instead of uglifycss
Adding a maximum header height for about page (Closes #642)
Add artwork to ribbons on styles page (Closes #561)
use include directive for badge demo pages
Make FAQ toc responsive (fixes #641) (Closes #653)
Hardcode HTTPS in codepen font as well (Closes #640)
Serve hosted over HTTPS
Use browserhack to accomodate for IE10 in component demo
Remove slash from About link
fix stale test staging dest
split 3 progress bars into two rows for smaller devices
add missing class to size demo widgets on progress comp page
added demo containers to limit progress bar width
add comments to snippet files
add snippet code samples to laoding component page
Preload hover images via CSS (fixes #568) (Closes #626)
Give progress bar a default width (fixes #614) (Closes #628)
Don't use mdl-js-* in CSS (fixes #615)
Improve codepen implementation: - Open in new tab - Replaces relative image URLs - Processing only done when the button is clicked - Inserting body padding only for demos that are not full-width - Allow inserting custom codepen CSS for each snippet with
Adding some sanity to components page
Resolve conflicts
Add new questions
Rename images and update alt tags
address feedback
Improve answer for new components
Rebase against master
Use proper demo files for badge demos
Add new questions
Rename images and update alt tags
address feedback
Revamp the styles page
Refactor customiser
Improve answer for new components
Adding revised grid demo (Closes #610)
Make components small screen CSS rule more specific.
Adding revised content tabs demo
Adding revised footer demo (Closes #613)
Removed hash in components link (Closes #572)
Removed hash in components link (Closes #572)
Renaming content class, and adding comment
Implement badge component section review (fixes #444, again) (Closes #601)
Template list wording and order (fixes #569) (Closes #605)
Make nav buttons in blog template clickable (Closes #594)
Give spacer a better name
Blog template review (fixes #579)
Update includes for templates (Closes #595)
Remove unmaintained templates (fixes #577)
Implement full-width code blocks on mobile
add snippet demos to sliders component page
Add FAQ page
adding snippets based demos to toggles component page
Implement components scaffolding review (fixes #573)
fix glitch in gulpfile.js
add demos files to textfield page to improve layout on mobile
Move contrast colors to color-definitions
fix leftover test config in gulpfile.js
additional fine tuning of demo widgets
fine tune demo files
reduced widget demo set
rework textfield component page to use snippets
Remove search bar (fixes #566) (Closes #591)
snippets for table comp page
Adding remaining layout demos.
Give <html> and <body> a heigth in resets (fixes #541) (Closes #550)
Make codepen opt-in instead of opt-out.
Removing list component (Closes #581)
Update gsutil cmd comments
fix link to component index image and About page href
Set the analytics tracking code.
Avoid public-read ACL on GCS buckets on publish
Add space between body and footer on the customize page closes #574
italics look more noticable in rich tooltip text than bold (Closes #543)
switch to 2 groups of 2 demos for better formatting on mobile devices
fix typo
remove demo.css
tooltip component page revised to use snippets
Component image on every category, not every component
Adding first four layout snippets
Add some sanity to demo styles. - Splits padding and demos into separate classes - Splits padding and captions into separate classes - Adds the ability for snippets to be full screen
Add @paullewis's fix for jank provided by @PaulKinlan (fixes #560)
Simplify blog template CSS
Update and sanitize blog post CSS
update components index page to match Hannah's latest mock
Removing raised icons buttons and accent colored minifab.
Support release of templates/assets/built-files
Revert "Show WIP banner in production"
Adding hover states back to drawer nav
Ensure content gets centered
Add first part of Styles page
zip:library > zip:mdl, zip:site > zip:templates
Adding mixin imports to files that use mixins (Closes #544)
Make sure the tabs in the getting started guide are centered on narrow screens.
Include bower.json & package.json in builds
Make JSCS happy
Generate bundles for JS/CSS as well as site/templates
package.json: RC1
bower.json: update main files
bower.json: RC1
Handle FABs like raised buttons for colorization
Streamline download button into the Getting started experience
Make sure customize subpageheader is centered with te rest of the body
Use minified version of material.js
Resolve further conflicts (Closes #533)
Resolve further conflicts
Introduce ie.css: overrides for IE9
Make codepen buttons hide under navbar
Add snippets for Mini FABs and Icon buttons
Make sure we show developers to include the MD Font after the MDL libs
Make TOC link colors turquoise (fixes #514)
Inline components should not define margins
Remove general template from listing
Initialze customizer with default colors (fixes #515) (Closes #518)
Reviewing the dashboard template for best practices
Give code fields padding for CodePen button (fixes #495) (Closes #505)
Update top-right.html (Closes #510)
Adding comments for each snippets.
Increase style specificities for customizer (fixes #517)
Replacing the getting started svg logo by a png.
Added some text above the CDN CSS. Added #ref link to this section from the text.
Remove copy-to-codepen on customizer CDN box.
Align Data Tables with MD spec (Closes #506)
Add revised layout documentation (Closes #494)
Add data-table documentation
Hide tooltips differently for size calculations (fixes #493) (Closes #503)
New badge component page (fixes #444) (Closes #504)
Inline JS cleanup and comments.
Components should not define margins
Language update to font section.
Show default styling url when nothing is selected (fixes #486) (Closes #500)
Implement review
Revert bad layout fix
Add mobile header to text-only template
Add actual header bar to dashboard template
Updating our default colours after Hannah's feedback
Assign class string as widget name. (Closes #481)
Update spinner.js
Reviewing article template to reduce/improve custom CSS.
Adding ripple to customizer preview button
Inline customizer (fixes #476) (Closes #479)
Different comments for MDL and MD icon font
Extract <style> blocks from code and inject them into the CSS section of Codepen
Use templating for MDL libs included in copy-to-Codepen feature.
Make sure codepen isn't shown in some blocks of the getting started guide.
Updated button readme.md so that demos look better. Added an option to disable the codeine button (`.codepen-button-disabled` on `<pre>`)
Revert of 165a9811d89d9490fb72c29cf65c7bcc140f54b8
Text-only template: Add drawer menu (Closes #477)
Rewriting menu demo to follow new mocks.
Adding the concept of a demo file to snippets.
Revamping card demos based on new mocks. (Closes #471)
Turn card actions into buttons on android template (fixes #463)
Handle raised buttons appropriately
Revamping card demos based on new mocks.
Further card styling fixes.
Add vertical align to snippets demo cells.
Experiments
Lint gulpfile.js & fix linting errors
Add Button Snippets to the Getting Started Guide. Depends on #411. (Closes #436)
Hotfix for tooltip positioning
Add ability to publish runtime elements into separate code.getmdl.io bucket. (Closes #465)
Sane selectors
Give scroll buttons active/disabled state
Templating the URL prefix of the Hosted libs Add MD font to getting tarted guide snippets
Removing margins from buttons.
Card fixes
Auto-publish master to staging on green (success)
Make tooltip spec compliant (fixes #453) (Closes #454)
Don't jump on demo page when clicking (Closes #451)
Remove hover state from layout (fixes #339)
Show tooltips on tap (fixes #424) (Closes #450)
Only block clicks that would select the same color twice (Closes #449)
80 character column fix
Using `.copy-to-clipboard-button` class to select button element for the highlight code feature.
Now embed the code in the <pre> block and in the flash element (for copy paste) directly instead of relying on JS to copy it.
Generate demo widget based on snippets.
More expressive variable names
Namespace .spacer class
Removing old demo images
Removing license from component readmes
clean up obsolete gulp tasks
refactor publish tasks to support promote from staging
Make customizer adjust iframe size
Make mocha-phantom use tap reporter
Update template listing
Increase spacing of template image and text to 40px
Line-height of intro text to 2em
Set download button to 54% black
Minify navbar on mobile
Move Github and Download item to main nav
Adding a TOC to Component pages that have multiple elements. (Closes #434)
Decrease nav item spacing to 24px
Style fix.
Small fix to animation demo since JS is already included in demo file.
Small screen CSS fixes for Getting started guide.
Move hiding `lf` and `cr` Prism tokens to the main CSS.
Ensure the autoprefixer runs on demos and components pages.
Add English value to language attribute. (Closes #429)
Set height for wheel container (fixes #425) (Closes #428)
Show WIP banner in production
Adding @license
Show CDN url in customizer (Closes #414)
add publish:gcs gulp task to push microsite to gcs bucket
Add a tmp ci config 'till it goes public
Adding link to android.com sample in templates page
Getting started guide post-commit review.
Implement text template review (closes #406)
Removing SASS directive from CSS file
Removing file that was added by mistake.
Implement microsite review (closes #372)
Implement refreshed customiser
Getting Started guide UX/UI review fixes.
Adding android.com template.
Adding version number to the header
Add hidden attribute reset for legacy browser support. (Closes #397)
Adding a Getting started guide.
Style fixes to gulpfile
Add support for grid-specific builds
gulpfile: add jscs task & integrate
progress.js: fix sticky operators for jscs
.jscsrc: configure maxLineLength
package.json: add gulp-jscs
Move ripple style initialization to first click.
More scoping changes to docs
Move browser support up. Note on templates and IE9 support.
gulpfile.js task to push js & css to Google Cloud Storage (will add fonts and other files in next PR)
Update blogpost page of blog template (Closes #384)
Update overview page of blog template
Implement code reviewCloses #385
Implement review for dashboard template
Implement review for article template (Closes #388)
Add header w/ licence + MDL version to minified CSS
Improve the behavior of deep-linking:  - If hash is empty (or unknown) first item gets displayed  - On deep linking we don't display "badges" to start then change the page. Now the page is blank and then we load the correct deep-linked page.
Add deep linking and back button support in the Components page.
Adding generation for individual demos.
Adds Syntax highlighting for code blocks. Closes #375  - Using the Prism lib  - Moved Prism from the Component page only to the common layout  - Transalte prism "markup" annotation to "html"  - Translate markdown code blocks class names to Prism code block class names
Small tweak of Code blocks styling.
Updated references to hosted libraries to be HTTPS
Adding GitHub markdown-style styling for code blocks.
Adding ability to inject the version number into the mini site using `$$version$$`
Reimplementing components page.
Updated browser support for dropping IE8 in any official capacity other than best effort.
Updated docs to fix for recent updates.
Adding badge component
Remove period from classes in markup.
Add Shadows docs
Update menu docs
Add mdl-js-layout note
Update Grid docs
Add Badge docs
Use gulp-open in serve task
Introduce separate serve:browsersync task (fixes #299)
Renaming tab image to match components.md
Adding missing components to docs and fixing some CSS issues
Contents to table
Move grid to last import.
Subtitle documented.
Card typography improved.
Make publish take partially synchronous (lands #342)
Add .publish to clean task
Some cleanups to new documentation:
Move demo.js from src to docs/_assets
Squashing all of @marcacohen 's work on partial component pages so far.
Replace graphs with SVG
Implement Zach's template review
Implement small header
Adjust search panel
Add favicon and touch icons
Make template preview images responsive
Review template page
Update micropage header
Add CSS prefixing to microsite assets (fixes #321)
Card Material Design alignment.
Grammar fixes.
Reworking data table demo
Forgot to remove one visual test
Update visual tests to use component demos.
All demos now use static CSS.
Default font stacks.
Updating README with font info
Adding in some missing changes
Switching to official MD icon font ("Material Icons")
Enable javascript on dashboard template (fixes #320)
Reset body margin.
Removing all card logic from the table
Add basic data table, with more functionality to come later.
More gulpfile style fixes
Updated readme
Remove animation js from compiled output. Style fixes from jscs.
Active state land for navigation states
Remove CSS folder.
Ripples shouldn't be widgets.
Active state for navigation links.
Remove width on radios.
Downgrade functionality and components updated with downgrade methods.
Cleaning up badges
Add miniscule delay to tab buttons to fix #310
Run prefixer on custom template CSS
Layout fixes for IE10
Implement sticky header and navigation swapping for the components page.
Revert "Update docs for class modifications."
Revert "Update demo for class changes."
Update demo for class changes.
Update docs for class modifications.
Land 'firefox-icon'
Retina FF icon improvements
Firefox tooltip fixes
Get the tooltip working in FF
Footer improvements for FF
Slider: resolve jshint issue
Improve hitbox simulation areas on sliders
Simulate larger hitbox on slider element (fixes #281)
Make tooltip work in Firefox (fixes #282)
Improvements to large/small screen handling in layout.
Rewriting headers and updating all content to match. This implementation should be much saner and less buggy.
Update README linking instructions
Spinner: Hide "Loading..." if inactive
Replace broken base64 plugin
Use fonts from CDN
Minor path fixes on templates
Improvements to 'buffer-bar-color'
Improvements to buffer-bar-color
intial rough layout for new comps page
Make buffer and unbuffered part of progress more distinct (fixes #280)
Remove /fonts and /images
Remove /css and /js alltogether
Remove css and js folders
Use dist as output folder
Update input-text-error-color to latest spec Red (#109)
Remove border-bottom from layout-title (#105)
Add padding to textfield to accomodate floating labels and errors
push of 'comps' branch for components page work
Remove accidental duplication of script include
Grid vars in main variables file and defaults.
Add new templates to listing
Use normal button instead of FAB for "View Source"
Adding margin after paragraphs and updating generated files
BEM-ify templates (closes #199)
Visual polishing
Remove sidebar and use grid
Rename template to article
Feedback: comment out borders in footer
Drop social icon buttons from footer demo
Add support for menu buttons on cards
Remove hardcoded colors from card styles
Use min-height instead of height
BEM-ify card styles
Update builds again
Update builds.
Move to using subhead typography for mdl-logo
change .wsk-mega-footer--heading to be the same as Body 2
Footer: change .wsk-mega-footer--link-list to be same as Body 1
Footer: Change MDL copy to Title
Footer: margin-bottom correction for heading, footer.
Build boilerplate for microsite
Shadows: add prefix and bump builds.
Update compiled CSS
Update customizer to use new shadows
Update components to use new shadows
Update Shadows to latest spec, intro vars
Update shadows for tests
Rewrite shadows for Templates
Add colorization classes to button
Added main display to reset for IE support.
Small tweak to links and updating generated files
Removing column-layout component.
Removing table styles from typography.
Add .publish to gitignore
Adding a number of fixes to typography as per #98
Small fix and updating generated files
Reverting f562f49d8ae3ab105a1e7af6aa520ba84ad6932b
Add link to product template in README
Update image to be proper SVGs
File renaming, ripples, and active tab tracking.
Remove backup files.
Code Review
Re-export image assets without baked-in text and move figures to SVG format, along with additional CSS tweaks.
Removed IDE specific helpers and uneeded rule.
Renaming all WSK to MDL
Update compiled builds
Drop requestAnimFrame usage in menu, ripple
Switch requestAnimationFrame polyfill
Finishing touches.
First pass at product template.
Finishing touches.
Implement text-only template
First pass at product template.
Add updated builds
Add shim for shadows readme
Minor typography change to fix body/html tags receiving mdl-base and mdl-typography.
Replase `wsk` with `mdl` in menu documentation
Add white/black text colors to palette
Grid compiles with Ruby-sass
Updating generated files
Tweaking default link font weight and color
Makes typography definitions optional, through mdl-typography class.
Temporary fix for vertical scrolling
Badge added
Removing outdated Firefox-specific CSS hack
Add progress docs
Add refreshed menu docs
Remove flex-wrap from tab-bar
Updated generated files.
Align colons for mdl-card for consistency.
Updated card min-height variable to 200px
Make use of new hide classes
Updated compiled files.
Important hide classes to take precedent over more specific class displays.
Remove border-box from styles
Updating generated files
Adding mdl-cell--hide-<SCREEN_SIZE> classes to grid.
Resize huge images
Adjust dashboard template to use grid
Adjust blog template to use grid
Adjust general template to use grid
Updating generated files
Adding classes for setting different cell sizes at different screen sizes. So class="mdl-cell-2-col mdl-cell-4-col-phone" will get 2 columns at desktop and tablet sizes, and 4 at phone size.
Updating generated files
Adding initial layout grid implementation.
Break out color definitions into separate file
Abbreviate BEM heading and add link to wiki.
Change overflow behavior of layout elements
Bump build + test dependencies
Add tech-stop-esque template
Make expandable textfields' container contract
Make menu elements stretch to parent's width
Add links to templates
Make SVG paths absolute to make them include independent
Adding the customizer to the docs.
Augment README for templates
Add SVG inlining to `templates:styles` task
Inline SVGs in CSS file
Handle fonts separately
Remove starter template
Adjust templates for new gulp task
Add gulp templates pipeline
Implement template mock
Add publish task for gh pages
Removing unwanted OS X dotfile
Updating generated files
Small bugfix to ripples
Updating generated files
Use rgba() when appropriate
Use upgrade event in progress demos
Updating generated files
Updating generated files
Update TOC formatting
Update homepage content
Add download button
Add content and typography overrides
Add temporary Material shapes
Add !important to color classes (closes #163)
Add recompiled styles post rename
Update WSK -> MDL in formatted footer
Web Starter Kit -> Material Design Lite
Rename web-starter-kit to material-design-lite
Rename wsk -> mdl
Namespace event name
Tweaking buttons for #102.
Emit event on upgrade
Blue box around switch
Reset SVG images back to master state
Drop export of docs/out
Break out mixins into their own file
Rename _vars to _variables.scss
Rebase var work against master
Update tooltip according to UX review.
Remove automatically added classes.
The docs template contains some manually-added elements that MDL adds automatically. Also, fixed two typos in .gitignore.
Rewrite Sass to address @import misuse
Ignore this commit - recompiled assets
Sanitize imports
Unquote and contrast colors
Updating generated CSS and JS
Off-Color for Checkbox is wrong
Add theme classes to palette
Use Flexbox for Tabs
Re-add lost dependency to imagemin
Demo-Shadow card width did not fit on mobile
Address feedback, add coding rules section
Comment clean-up for resets/mobile
FAB-Button hast sourounding box on mobile
Land MQ for palette demo (#106)
Add a better intro & a clarification on framework features.
Minor tweaks to guide
Add contributing guide (fixes #134)
Remove remaining explicit color declarations. Remove references to nth members of the color definitions in exchange for the named value.
Small updates to some of the visual tests
Update color definitions to better use the default palette options.
Implement progress bar component (closes #88)
Adding MDL microsite stub
Updating generated CSS
CSS fixes to wsk-button so it can be used with <a> tags
Update builds
Adding public methods to elements.
Update textfield README
Add alpha values for black and white text and update the demo to reflect the addition.
Add in-development preview links for #67
Add section on feature requests.
Adhere to styleguide
DS_Store fix
Updated READMEs
Closes #87 by adding white and black options to the color palette, updating the demo, and bumping the build.
Expand header on click
Don't react to scrolling until animation is done
Add onmouseleave event listeners
Using semantic tag names in the layout readme.
Rearranging palette SCSS files
Adding CSS definitions for Material Design palette.
Updating generated map file
Rebase with upstream master and bump builds.
Hide the icon if the layout has a drawer (to make room for the menu icon).
Bump builds.
Sets the drawer for the layout component to by hidden by default (in a non fixed-drawer context).
Adding CSS definitions for animation functions
Remove DS_Store entries
Add documentation
Add test:visual task
Bump builds
Improve layout demos
Add global styling file to every showcase
Making ripples visible until mouse/finger up
Remove visual test’s style.css
Revamping colors across MDL.
Dont use gulp-changed on SASS
Use single-line vars
Inherit text color in textfields
Adding $text-color-primary-contrast and $text-color-accent-contrast
Update MaterialTooltip unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialTextfield unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialTabs unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialSwitch unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialSpinner unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialSlider unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialRadio unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialLayout unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialIconToggle unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialColumnLayour unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialCheckbox unit test with chai-jquery
Update MaterialButton unit test with chai-jquery
Extend MaterialTabs unit test
Write unit test for MaterialTooltip
Write unit test for MaterialTextfield
Write unit test for MaterialTabs
Write unit test for MaterialSwitch
Write unit test for MaterialSlider
Write unit test for MaterialRipple
Write unit test for MaterialLayout
Write unit test for MaterialIconToggle
Write unit test for MaterialColumnLayout
Write unit test for MaterialRadio
Write unit test for MaterialCheckbox
Generate CSS templates, with color placeholders.
Add index for visual tests.
Tooltip: minor formatting improvement
Make empty initializations explicit
Pull in jQuery and chai-jquery
Be conformant to style guide
Don't rely on global querySelector() for MaterialTabs
Only use rippleContainer inside the `if` ensuring its existence in MaterialSwitch
Check for existance of `for` target in MaterialTooltip
Adding semantic tags to layout demo.
Reworking icon demo to show icon names
Only use rippleContainer inside the `if` ensuring its existence
Removing textual references to WSK.
Remove tabs from the middle of the code
Updating BrowserSync to avoid high CPU usage bug.
Update compiled JS/CSS
Write unit test for MaterialMenu
Refactoring mini footer to not use floats.
Re adding the mustard test too :-)
Updating correct componentHandler!
Adding compiled CSS
Moving image and font files to final directory structure. Again. - Split images into src/images/ and src/demo-images/ - Moved fonts to own directory: src/fonts/ - Updating scss files with new locations - Updating compiled JS and CSS
Updating JS and CSS files with latest changes
Add CSS Source Maps support #5
Copying MD font over to icons component, and switching to relative paths.
Add support for image flattening
Namespacing all the demo classes, to make them per-demo. So many classes.
Forgot to assign different IDs
Modifying checkbox and footer to use an 'images' subdirectory with a relative path
Add initial visual test fixtures
Run tests with build by default
bower.json improvements
package.json updates
Update dependencies
Updating min files
Major rework of the text field component. Should now be easier to use, and less fragile.
Preventing ugly selection in layout tab scroll buttons
Adding menu component - Implements Material Design spec for style and animations - Supports keyboard navigation - Supports attaching to any four corners of owner element
Adding icon font and wsk-icon utility classes - Added Material-Design-Iconic-Font, while we're waiting for the official one - Added SASS variables for all the characters - Added a wsk-icon--<icon-name> class for every icon - Modified wsk-layout to use menu icon for opening the drawer, and chevrons for scrolling tabs - Modified tooltip demo to use icons rather than inline SVGs - Modified icon-toggle demo to use icons - Modified FAB and icon button demos to use icons
Styleguide => Lite
Update MDL build
Ignore gulp-cache temp files.
Resolve further conflicts
Just use $.mochaPhantomjs - why isnt this $.mochaPhantomJS?
Add tests for Buttons and Spinners.
Handler: support per-comp instances under .widget namespace
Support testing
JSHint: re-enable linting
Update to include mocha phantom
Rebase against master
Gulpfile: add initial gulp-mocha support
Bump dependencies
Allow 0 params for upgradeDomInternal
Add needed `http://` to link in readme
Update README.md
Just use $.mochaPhantomjs - why isnt this $.mochaPhantomJS?
Add tests for Buttons and Spinners.
Handler: support per-comp instances under .widget namespace
Build process updates for tests.
JSHint: re-enable linting
package.json: Add gulp-mocha
Gulpfile: add initial gulp-mocha support
Adding friendly color names and using them in _colors.scss
Further README improvements.
Update README.md
Cards should have a 2px border radius
Making typography names more BEM-y and adding font weight override classes.
Possible fix for #9
readme tweaks
material-styleguide => material-design-lite
Add bower.json, refresh package.json
Drop docs/install.md
Refresh Gulpfile for this project
Refresh README.
Add missing components to /src
Add pre-built JS sources, sourcemaps.
Add pre-built CSS
Add initial images from build to /images
Files clean-up.
Continue move of files to the /src directory
Move components to the src directory
Bring back .git configs
Clean-up application directories.
Adding icon font and wsk-icon utility classes - Added Material-Design-Iconic-Font, while we're waiting for the official one - Added SASS variables for all the characters - Added a wsk-icon--<icon-name> class for every icon - Modified wsk-layout to use menu icon for opening the drawer, and chevrons for scrolling tabs - Modified tooltip demo to use icons rather than inline SVGs - Modified icon-toggle demo to use icons - Modified FAB and icon button demos to use icons
Adding graceful degradation to sliders. Also tidying up JS a bit.
Update comment text for add to homescreen
Slight adjustment to radio buttons
Manually specifying each component JS file in the gulpfile. This allows us to get around component dependencies where components depend on each other, since gulp was just processing everything alphabetically otherwise.
Small fix so checkboxes can be reused from other components
Add sw-precache to WSK.
Checkbox improvements - Switch to using CSS masks for transparent tick. Sorry, IE, you get a white tick. - Some small visual tweaks (rounded corners, alignment). - Tidying up the JS
Adding mini icon button option
code styling fix on issue #500
Refactor CTM based on feedback.
Remove dupe
Add "Cutting the Mustard" test
Adding clarification to multi-row layout demo.
Drop pulling in material-design icons in lieu of iconfont
Link to Sindre's npm guide
bump to latest psi
Small visual fixes to icon toggle
Adding icon toggle component. - Implements MD spec, with focus states. - Gracefully degrades to checkbox.
Small fix to wsk-layout-icon to make IE happy.
Added tabs + other improvements to layout: - Added tabs, implementing Material Design spec. - Made header size and padding depend on screen size, as per the MD spec. - Added helper class for icons. - JS cleanup. - Updated demo and docs.
Adding new spinner component.
Replacing RobotoDraft with Roboto now that the updated version is live
Moved the "use strict" statement inside function
Pasted wrong text - updating to original
Added ability to listen to upgrades via ComponentHandler
Implemented content tabs. These are a lesser implementation designed to be used as part of the page content. The full Material Design tabs spec will be implemented as part of the layout component.
merge conflict on mega footer - minor
Altering the footer to include mini support and fix a typo
Removing outdated JS comments across the board.
Moving footer colors to _colors.scss and adding default to all colors
Updating the text inputs in the layout demos
Oops, fixing compilation error in switches.
Adding switches.
Adding footer
Use invert() function for inverse typography
Centralized color configuration for all components
Move color configuration from component files
Styleguide: add styleguide-specific WSK identifier
Add support for onError in gulp-sass setup
Add support for a _colors.scss file
Gulpfile: Drop old UnCSS ignore rules
Rename material-styleguide -> styleguide
Gulpfile: Drop unneeded line
Update copyright year
Gulpfile: Concat/minify user scripts
Gulpfile: Move autoprefix block to styles
Update project dependencies
Let's fix up that wskComponentHandler for demos in production and let's make the card background not whine
So weird
Reverting my previous change - we are doing weird things with JS :(
Updates to fix jshint warnings
Updated Ripple to new JS Design pattern
Updated ComponentHandler for many class registrations
Updating HTML demo template to use new JS pattern
Updating Dropdown to work with new JS Design pattern
Updated Layout to new JS Design pattern
Updated Slider to new JS Design Pattern
Updated Checkbox to new JS Design Pattern
Trimmed trailing whitespace for Radio in new JS pattern
Updated Radio Constants + Classes to new Design Pattern
Converted Radio to new JS Design Pattern
Updated documentation
Converted Textfield to use new JS Design pattern
Converted Column Layout to new JS design pattern
Converted Tooltip to new JS design pattern
Cleaned up some whitespace
Converted Item to new JS design pattern
Upgraded Button to new design pattern
Spelling mistake in comment
New JS Pattern - forgot to add function param comment.
Converted Button to new JS Design pattern
Adding WSK Component Handler to Third_Party
Converted Animation to new JS Design pattern
Lowercase object in return comment.
Adding Component Handler for WSK
Rethinking the CSS for column layout some more
Some tooltip cleanups: - Applying new CSS naming convention - Cleaning up the JS somewhat
Revamping checkboxes: - Applying new naming conventions - Reimplementing checkbox, using the radio buttons as a basis - Revamping checkbox visual style to match Material Design spec - Adding focus states
Tidying up the colors and dimens for elements
Tiyding up the typography style names
Stuff for fixing the lists and palette
BEMing up animations cand cards
BEMing up the drop downs
bem'ing up the item
Renaming navigation classes as per @csswizardry review
Switching to demo classname for palette
Cleaning up layout SCSS - Make sure as much as possible is behind optional classes - Rename everything to follow style convention - Add new class for JS binding - Rearrange SCSS to take advantage of nesting with &
Renaming the shadow classes
Rename all the things for the lolz / sergio asked for it in the PR
BEM-ifying palette including updating variables
Switch over the common demo styles to be more BEM-ish
Updating the palette CSS to use BEM
Moving ripple effect class to main element in radio buttons
Adding JS class and making sure the radio buttons work if we have no JS
Radio button revamp - Changed HTML structure for the component, to improve styling and remove hacky ~ operator - Updated component look to match material spec - Added focus states
Renaming wsk-ripple--recentering to wsk-ripple--center
Adding icon buttons and rearranging button demo.
Updating radio SCSS to follow best practices
Add wsk-js-textfield
Address issues with nesting.
wsk-input__text > wsk-textfield
Reload when JS files in styleguide change
right, large > wsk-input--right, wsk-input--large
Cleaning up slider SCSS - Make sure as much as possible is behind optional classes - Rename everything to follow style convention - Add new class for JS binding - Rearrange file to take advantage of SCSS nesting with &
label > .wsk-label
.is-dirty, wsk-input__text ~ .error > wsk-input__error
wsk-input__expandable_holder > wsk-input__expandable-holder
wsk-input__expandable__icon > wsk-input__text-expandable-icon
icon__search > wsk-input__text-expandable-icon-search
BEMify textfield component
Drop commented out icon setup - we will use font icons
Drawer button changes for Layout module: - Changing default behaviour of drawer buttons to push down the content, instead of overlaying on top of it. - Adding optional .Layout--overlayDrawerButton class to allow previous behaviour. - Switching layout demos to use .Layout--overlayDrawerButton. - Tweaking layout for index page.
Add empty globals for #560
Ripples should ripple on mousedown/touchstart, not click.
Remove .sass-cache folder from gitignore
Implements the layout module. This module combines the old 'navigation' and 'header-panel' modules into a single, configurable component.
Restore hamburger navigation components.
Update deps, add support for libsass
Add flexibility to styleguide iframe handling
Minor update to comment for main.js
bump deps
Added HTML5 webapp manifest
Commented-out block for handling npm icons
Update icon section in styleguide
Drop note, add baseDir fix.
Add note about build process.
Small fixes to buttons after UX review
Altering the padding for the side nav
Updating palette colors.
Close #537 PR: Keep dist/.git while removing everything else..
Add TODOS to gulpfile.
Further revisions for build process
Drop extra hamburger. Re-use nav asset.
Add useref blocks to build to single main.min.js file
Temp: add hotfix for scripts, styleguide images
Add support for gulp-concat
Bugfix to checkbox init.
Making the PaperButton class optional for FABs. Also adding PaperFab--colored as a more intuitive alternative to PaperButton--colored in FABs.
Add initial tooltip implementation
Some fixes to the slider element, after UX review: - Updating focus states to new visuals - Improving rendering in Webkit and Mozilla by reducing the usage of gradients - Much improved vertical centering of the slider track, with subpixel accuracy
Install docs - add tldr for quick setup
Improve and simplify install guide #526
Making caption type default to performance font (non web font)
fixed var i
merge
ripple on .ExpandableIcon
simplified demos
variables for expandable search
large demo
demo width 100% to prevent wrapping
Completely rewrote sliders. They now closely follow the Material Design spec, and work in Chrome, Safari, Firefox and IE>=10.
removed empty dropdown-menu.js
notes on hacks
demos, max-width hack
Remove Ruby references
already animated
minor cleanups
v1, just places icon on left
dropdown-menu prototype, item code
Modifying animation demo so it works in IE. Changes were needed because IE doesn't support calc() with CSS transitions.
Renaming Apple touch icon to "apple-touch-icon". See #492
One ripple to rule them all. Refactors buttons, FABs, radio buttons and checkboxes to all use the same ripples. Also simplifies adding ripples to components by specifying the RippleEffect class (which is now required for checkboxes and radio buttons as well, which will otherwise not have ripples).
Use https where possible
Bump deps
Misc UI fixes
Add back precision
Removing old sidenav code.
Switching default body font to 'Helvetica', 'Arial', sans-serif. Also adding optional CSS body classes that force the use of Roboto.
Refactoring animations into separate SCSS file, and adding a demo.
Adding column layout according to Material mockups: - Maximum of 3 columns in "web" layout, with 360px fixed width columns, 40px gutters and excess padding left and right. - 2 columns in "tablet" layout, with variable size columns and 24px gutters. - 1 columns in "phone" layout, with 16px gutters.
Style fixes across the material-sprint branch. Should bring the build back to a pleasant green color.
Minor typo
Correcting slider javascript
Tidied up das CSS und JS aber, dein markup is nicht so gut. a.k.a having labels as the containers for the radio inputs feels pretty wrong.
By the power of Thor I've only gone and tidied up the mess that was the TextField. This is still far from perfect, but a.) it works - before we didn't even pull in the JS b.) It feels a lot cleaner than before.
Making paper fabs suitcss friendly, but they need tidying up. Too dependant on the Button scss and js
Tidying up the button styles to use SuitCSS and tidied up the JS to be a bit neater - still not totally happy.
Palette tweak to card
Cards + SuitCSS
Shadows + SuitCSS
Making palette use SuitCSS
Tidying up the styles for lists and typography
Ensure padding doesn't break menus.
Only display Material border when menu collapsed.
Improve sidebar styles
Adding focusing an fixing up styles for the checkbox
Add new cards component implementation
Move paper-card into shadow demo
Remove card demo from shadows
Switching header panel header text to correct typography
Backing out assets until revisions ready
Implements header-panel.
Changing the focus style of the slide and also made it use the primary palette for color
Changing the focus style of the slide and also made it use the primary palette for color
First cut of focus styles for buttons
Add missing space before commented out code.
gulpfile - comment out the task loading by default
bump dependencies
Add icons set and previews
There were many fixes in the navigation. They saw that it was good......hopefully.
Renaming files and adding styles for static and horizontal
Minor Tweaks
Make nav adhere to primary palette stuff.
Drop the mast head.
Update typography now that lists are a thing.
Add list demos.
Add new list component
Adding navigation menu to styleguide
Whole lot of styles for typography.
Drop the Material keyword
Add material navigation to default layout.
Correct path to styleguide.
Drop the old navigation
Drop the old layout
Update dependencies
Drop toolbar for now
Clean-up
Add in-flight nav work
Initial re-nav work
gulpfile - add `logPrefix` to the other browserSync instance
Drop <h2> where not needed
Add slider
Add styles for initial masthead.
Float the palette previews.
Drop Orange.
Add checkboxes.
Add initial masthead. Include new demos.
Add radio buttons.
Add toolbar implementation
Style-guide: add blockquote
Correct indendation.
Output some error when require-dir tasks fails
bump dependencies
gulpfile - fix indentation
bump gulp-autoprefixer
The styleguide demo looks so pretty
Tidying up the styleguide page
Switching textfields to use palette
Sidenav is now using palette for border color
Fab icons use the palette colors now
Making the buttons use the palette styles
Tidying up the sidenav JS and styles
Use correct ordering in installation instructions
Some more sidenav bits
Adding new styles and javascript to handle interaction
Add textfield.
FAB.
Button stuff.
The start of the sidenav
Adding images to the typography demo
Adding typography mixins and settings. Need to include image examples
Broke cards. Copied over Lewes's Typography stuff
Tidying things up on the button and the styleguide
Add in shadows and paper-card
Beautify the button styles.
Drop ripple from non-ripple example.
Styling fixes, fix for no ripples.
Add initial paper-button component.
Add typography
Add rAF.js
Add shadows
First version of the palette stuff. Needs tidying up.
Adding watch to the styles for styleguide
Adding demo.scss
Adding a new styleguide - nuke when complete
Adding styleguide directory and a button
RESTARTER ALL THE STYLES
Update to latest gulp-cache.
Simplify server configuration - remove 'baseDir'
move `apple-touch-icon-precomposed` into `images/touch`
Revert "move `apple-touch-icon-precomposed` into `images/touch`"
code consistency
minify SVG
minify chrome-touch-icon-192x192.png
move `apple-touch-icon-precomposed` into `images/touch`
Revisions to the HTML starting point text.
Add note about basic.html and IE8
Make styling consistent with the site.
Update Android icon sizes for basic.html
Making 192x192 size chrome icon
Adds Moz equivalent for nicer font rendering.
Added link to commands in quickstart.
Added docs folder with initial files. Pulled content from readme.
Add `box-sizing` as an inherited value
add spacing to css selector
Rebase against master.
Adding the comments from master into the branch
Renaming CSS files to .scss and dropping components.css
Moving styleguide around
Improve index.html comments.
Update .jscsrc
Simplified overview section of readme
Link WSK Extras repository from the main readme file.
bump deps
For #362 - adds section on WSK & CSS libraries.
Adds JSCS configuration file.
Adjusting browser-support matrix to reflect actual support.
remove unnecessary css that was being overridden on .navdrawer-container element
fix redundant css declaration
remove repeated declaration block and unnecessary overridden css
add spacing to css declaration
fix #340
Fetch the `.htaccess` file via `npm`
remove deprecated .jshintrc props - fixes #329
minify images
update to new useref API
bump deps
Adding output css file
Adding material design color palette variables to sass
Reduce to a single S/CSS task and watcher
Update gulp-ruby-sass to 0.7.1
remove unnecessary empty line.
SASS now compiles on serve
remove duplicated line-height
Removes https by default and provides some guidance for the developer about how to enable it
Add 'auto' to the Google Analytics tracker create method.
A tickle, this should not be needed.
Adds 'https:true' to both serve task
Updating the version of browser sync
Move the `.htaccess` file into the `app` directory
Close GH-275: Adds .htaccess file.
Adds lang attribute to basic.html
Adds the lang attribute to html
bump deps
Make the footer in style guide more useful
Style formatting post font updates
#251 - it turns out I didn't check in you know, the most important files
Adding in RobotoCondensed Web fonts - #251 Adding in font files to /fonts Adding in CSS in to main.css rather than embed directly into the <head> - we can move this there later if we want. I have also changed slightly the declaration of what we serve than recomended in the bug (i.e, the Chris Coyer article), I went through how Google web fonts works and this is the recommended output that works in IE 9, 10 and above, Safari iOS 6 and above, Chrome and Firefox.  Note: we don't reference any ttf files, but I have included them
Various styling fixes
install Sass when running Travis
Close GH-242: Handling scss compilation error.
followup to 4730569239d811666227aa681fc976d2a0ff6d0a
Address feedback on #238
gulpfile - simplify error handler
gulpfile - centralize autoprefixer config
minor consistency tweak for #239
minifyHtml should only run on html files
Potential fix for #79
Improve navbar UX logic for #233
Add error handler for ruby-sass to fix #234
Index: Load google fonts in head, rather than imports.
Style guide: add recommended font loading to head.
Compiled CSS: drop Google font imports
Sass: Drop Google fonts being loaded from imports.
use #ignore-click instead of 'javascript:;'
tweak #217
gulpfile - codestyle
Adding ignore filters to uncss
Adding a link to the demonstration site #97
Removed undesirable minimal-ui in viewport
fix issue with links jumping to the top of page. use href='javascript:;' instead of '#'.
Added gulp task to copy files from app to dist
Updates devDependencies to latest stable backwards-compatible versions.
Preserve JavaScript license comment
Rebase and bring in #145 (h/t @stephenplusplus)
followup to #201
Allow gulp task list to be extended. As a starter kit, we want users to be able to customize. As a source-based distribution we want users to stay updated. By allowing users to customize web-starter-kit gulp without editing gulpfile.js, they can rebase or merge future updates.
Remove reload from the images task
typo fix
Handle error event generated by jshint fail reporter
readme - link to latest release
Removed reference to BrowserSync running instance
Inject CSS styles
Give serve preference to files in .tmp
gulpfile - don't need `init` anymore
Don't optimize images on serve
Strip unnecessary link in styleguide
Move demo gray to sass utils
Bump gulp-cache to 0.2
Strip unnecessary font-family rule
Tweak to basic grammar
Grammar tweaks to index
Update pseudo-elements to double-colon syntax
Update gitignore
revert manifest.webapp version change in #85
Close GH-85: A bunch of (smaller) changes….
update indent value of jshint config and follow style rule.
Targeting *:before and *:after for box sizing
readme - remove features text
Adds missing closing section tag around highlights.
Move `Contributing` guide to a CONTRIBUTIN.md file
readme - link download to releases page and not a specific release
fixes #132 - style configuration.
simplify clean task with `del`
Adds .travis.yml to files to remove for the 'boilerplate-only option'.
Include test asserting all generated build changes are commited.
Adds newline to components.css.
Adds `npm test` and travis.yml
Removed margin top to fix article count appearance
Update main.css
Uses document.querySelector directly, rather than wrapping it.
Reindents main.js using two spaces.
Format .jshintrc in the same style as the code.
Remove `404.html`
Update editorconfig
Size improvement to repeated qSA & dropping touch start
X-UA-Compatible meta tag missing on some HTML pages
ontouchstart => touchstart
prettify the readme with some graphics
styleguide js - remove unused var and don't redefine var
styleguide js codestyle
minor tweaks
404.html - drop IE comment
reorder some head tags for consistent grouping
consistent indentation in the styleguide
convert to 2 space indentation
Update BrowserSync version to 1.0.0
Set web-app-title for index.html
enable iOS homescreen meta tags by default #102
WOFF2 support
Close GH-80: avoid gulp.start().
Update .editorconfig
Update _list.scss
Bump PSI for PageSpeed to 0.0.4
Add default directive to top-level SASS variable definitions.
Mark package as private
Expand contribution section to cover the site
Comments for components.scss
Update _normalize.scss | remove deprecated hgroup
Remove license info from `404.html`
styleguide - grammar
Style guide: remove unnecessary meta prop
Style guide: improve image alt tags
Update components.css
Update `robots.txt` file
Change whitespace in styleguide JS
readme - fix blackberry version - fixes #76
Update README.md
sync basic.html with index.html
Update download link, link to BrowserSync.
README tweaks.
Update README.md
Add FAQs mention to inspiration
gulpfile - semicolon
Further revisions to the readme
ALARM!ALARM! rogue space.
Drop capturing in the styleguide JS
Minor formatting tweak
Minor changes to toggling
Add support for toggling snippets - fixes #42
Add note on how to opt out of tooling
Expand on UnCSS comments
Further readme improvements
Improvements to the readme
Remove alt-layout - basic and index are sufficient
Comment-up the Gulpfile
sync readme `gulp watch` => `gulp serve`
formatty things.
Inline JS for style-guide. Unlikely to be changed.
Remove unnecessary debug reference
rename title for styles:components task.
Rig up the gulpfile.
Update index.html
use a .tmp folder for sass styles.
autoprefixr back on for app. it had something to say about our current css files.
fixes #71 - restructure style task.
For #60 - add correct docs link for canonical
mobile-web-app-capable as a default
Remove Article microdata
Revise styles.scss, styles.css > components
Add typography fix for fonts
Update second line to H2, add style guide to nav
Update README.md
Tweak gulp build comment.
Improve Gulp installation instructions.
Further improve installation instructions.
Add Node installation instructions.
Add Ruby installation note
Add troubleshooting section.
Revise tooling instructions.
Hide the h4 the right way.
Remove extra padding under nav links.
remove min-height for larger devices.
Only show `h4` when nav drawer is open.
Continuing fixes for #65 + niceties.
Add initial UX suggestion for body.click > hide menu
First fixes for #65 - zindex, overflow, min-height
Add link to getting started, style guide
`to to` -> `to do`
Grammar tweaks.
For #5 - add browser support list
Add contribution guide section
Readme revisions
Remove CC headers from style guide
Remove CC headers from Sass
Drop CC headers from CSS
Remove CC from additional layouts
Remove CC from main index
Add CC block to end of license file 1/2
Add built with comment to let us discover projects using wsk
Remove block for preventing link opens in mobile safari
Remove disable tap highlight
Clean up markup (re #60)
minify hamburger icon
Add download link to get the zip archive of the kit.
Readme tweaks.
Add black hamburger menu icon.
Improve colour palette used, font-sizes on multi devices.
Adding JS to auto-generate code smaples in the style quide
Addressing HTML minifier feedback
Adds alternative html minification for #54
Minor tweaks for IE 10
Meta tag correction.
minify images
consistency tweaks
gulpfile - make livereload on vanilla CSS files instantaneous
Add project meta tag
Close GH-47: Adds support for UnCSS..
Altering styles and removing the search fields
gulpfile - turn off lr notification in the browser when loaded
Clean-up of visual style guide
gulpfile - no longer needs to change cwd
Bump to latest version of PSI
Update PageSpeed task now that nokey is default
Add copyright headers as requested.
bump deps
gulpfile - don't need `size` in `jshint` task
gulpfile - tweak pageres task
gulpfile - add titles to the size plugin
gulpfile - be explicit about supporting arrays in `watch`
gulpfile - remove `fonts` task
gulpfile - use rimraf instead of gulp-clean
gulpfile - various tweaks
gulpfile - switch to gulp-if for more succinct syntax
Dont return on pagespeed
Title case for web starter kit
readme - add license mention
better fix for #36
Switch to PSI for pagespeed reporting
Adds inspiration section
Add requirements to readme
fix running server from subfolders - fixes #36
index.html - minor tweaks
fix naming so gulp builds correctly
bump deps
gulpfile - let gulp know when we're done
readme - add gulp install step and slightly tweak it
Adding favicon.ico
Switching out the favicons - still needs a favicon.ico. Also added comments to the fav icon groups and moved chrome add to homescreen fav icon to the bottom, otherwise it doesn't work
Readme revisions.
Update license to Apache 2.
Swapping out the hamburger and search icons. Also made the index page fit slightly more closely with the styleguide
Remove some unused sass
Shouldn't need to be root to npm install
scripts -> jshint, add to build process, expand watch.
Add comments to compiled style-guide styles.
Adds main.css
Add back compiled styles file (do not remove)
main.css > h5bp.css to be more clear
Minor styleguide cleanup
Add missing useref blocks for main index layout
Add missing blocks for basic layout
Add missing use ref blocks for alternative layout
Remove Web Fundamentals headers
Add missing icon resources and placeholder graphics
Ignore any .tmp files
Readme revisions.
Remove samples, replace with alt-layout.html
readme - syntax highlighting
readme - drop sudo
Add quick start information.
Replace with app layout
Revise slide out menu
Revise styles to app layout
Add hamburger and search icons
fix some small formatting issues.
Consistency between HTML and manifest attributes
Provide a sample hosted URL
minor tweaks in gulpfile and readme
Revise wording on PageSpeed score for #17
code style tweaks, gulpfile improvements and remove unused deps
add meta files to enforce code style
Sushi -> Web Starter Kit
Reformat main.js
Add a basic index.html
Remove Todo on PageSpeed integration.
Index: correct path to new styles, remove intro about PL.
Adds static style-guide, cleaned up from Web Fundamentals.
Introduce Sass styles from Web Fundamentals.
Remove current main.scss
Gulp: correct paths for Sass styles, icons and fonts.
Remove PatternLab from the project
Adds a cleaner version of samples
Change dependency name browsersync -> browser-sync
Close GH-13: Add PageSpeed task. Closes #12.
Minor revisions to contains list.
Close GH-10: Add initial BrowserSync support.
bump deps
Move the README back out.
Introduce file renames. Minor restructuring.
Add Gulpfile.
Adds PatternLab.
Drop Pure for now.
Add initial (Pure-based) style guide
Adding in some overview information.
Add contents to readme.
Add side-bar sample.
Drop normalize reference.
Include PureCSS
Drop normalize as Pure includes it in the default build.
humans.txt - drop jQuery and Modernizr references.
Drop startup directory
Drop crossdomain.xml
Trim down the readme for now.
Drop extraneous scripts.
Drop jQuery
Drop Modernizr
Add initial H5BP mobile boilerplate
Initial commit
