Update README.md
Update icons 9/19
Update README.md
Update README.md
Update icons 8/1
Update icons
update icons
Update icons 6/27
clarify the two font types some more
add icon submissions info/policy
Update README.md
Update README.md
Update README.md
Readme formatting tweaks
Add dates to version history
Update README.md
Update icons 5/9/22
Update README.md
Add link to npm for Material Symbols
Add link to externally hosted current npm packages
fix another outdated link, more clarifications
Update links to both Symbols & Icons guide sections
Differentiate Material Icons vs Material Symbols
Update MaterialIcons fonts
Move font/MaterialSymbols* to variablefont/
Add Symbols
Add MaterialSymbols VFs
Rephrase sentence
Remove unwanted folders
Update icons 3/28/22
Update icons 3/4/22
Update material icons [1/7/22]
Update material icons [11/15/21]
Update material icons [5/11/21]
Update README.md
README: remove confusing re-sell requirement
Update font/README.md
Added the "Two Tone" variant
Update repo, including generation of codepoint files
When updating repo dump out updated codepoint files
Add assets that existing in only a subset of the stylistic sets
Include icons that do not exist in all sets
Add ability to fetch fonts
Add fonts
png, ios assets
Add rules to fetch ios and png assets
Sources and Android assets, take 1
Capture rough update script
Remove legacy assets
Remove config for dropped features
Tweak readme
Rename /iconfont /font, remove some files
No more prebuilt sprite sheets; best to build exactly what you need from sources
Update README.md
Update README.md
Update README.md
Update README.md
Update README.md with grammar changes.
Add Contents.json for all iOS .imageset directories.
Updated links
3.0.1 release
Adds device symbol sprites.
Removes doc site files from master.
License change to Apache 2.0. closes #468
License change to Apache 2.0.
Update README.md
Added missing icon category for Gulp file
Removes width and height from icon font CSS.
Bumping to version 2.2.3 in an attempt to fix npm install.
Updated package.json to version 2.2.2.
Updated icon font woff file.
Bumped minor version.
Adds an updated woff2 icon font file.
2.2.0 release -- 41 new icons!
release v2.1.3
[fixed] STATIC_PATH
release v2.1.2
Added require('material-design-icons').PATH
Deleted duplicate unprefixed icons. They exist in the same folder with an "ic" prefix.
Reverted bower.json file by removing main section
Revision bump
Sprity now points back to the owner's repo
Reverting material.css
reverting index.html
fixing the reference id to include _24px
Cleaned up documentation with symbol usage
Corrected links to svg4everybody in sprite demo html
Updated package.json sprity dependency to point to my repo temporarily
Updated README with relase notice.
Updated package version
Icons and sprite sheets updated.
Introduced a Gulpfile for the generation of derived files.
Ignore node_modules
Added css file for icon font wrapping and added that file + icon files to main block in bower.json for flexible use with bower-installer
Remove moot `version` property from bower.json
Generated ijmap file
Style cleanup on iconjar contribution
Formatting fixes for Google guidlines
Added letter-spacing normal to documentation
Updated version number in download
Updated filenames to match repo (missed eot)
Updated filenames to match repo
Update CSS to workaround issue with locally installed Material Icons font in Chrome.
Minor typo fixes
Update CSS for Chrome.
Linkify the material icons image.
Update documentation for using these icons.
Add styling to generated index page.
Added IconJar mapping file
Changed core-icons to iron-icons
Update version number
Material Icons are in a font now.
Update documentation to point to the new developer guide.
Update documentation
Add a first cut at some Vector Drawables for these icons. Only black, 24dp vector drawables are included.
Many icons renamed.  Our process has ran into an odd bug where length 16 icon names were causing bugs in IE10.  Very odd.
Regenerate index
Cleanup unintended asset sizes
Add more star sizes for iOS
Add Contents.json to make sure imageset's work correctly
Clean up - removing obsolete icons
Pushing some more icons. Some of these are renaming existing icons. Will delete the duplicates separately.
Flush out iOS system icon sizes.  Add 36 and 48dp sizes.  Add white.
Move ic_indeterminate_check_box to a better category
Remove all colored assets that are not either white or black.
Remove old iOS assets.  They can now be found in 'ios' directories, bundled into imagesets
Bump version number
Update index and add note regarding sprites
Lots of new icons!
Big drop of updated assets.  Most modifications here are better optimization of PNGs, not actual visual changes.   Our apologies that the visual changes are not made more clear.
Cross-reference core-icons.
Bump version number for new release.
Regenerate spriets and fix bug making it hard to use multiple CSS/PNG sprites together.
Change our license from CC-BY-SA, to CC-BY
Update index for SVG move
Add production SVGs, which address issues #6 and #37
Moving SVGs to subfolder to make room for both design versions and production versions
Regenerated sprites
Update index per recent asset drop
Big drop of some updated assets
Gramatical fix
Regenerate sprites for changes made in: f71c68cd644d5705335e041400479ba38388baca 4508dd232f199bd3c1ad2be31ccd9e070bbde1b5 5bc32f6f62558e6a7a8b64f333751457f5938a95
Spec resources section for icons is now live.
Add link to hosted live demo.
Update release link and add filesize.
Link to stable & bleeding-edge releases
Add section on SVG Sprites
Add structure > icons
Add section on CSS Sprites
Add generated CSS and SVG sprites
Add a LICENSE, README, and icon index
Initial drop of SVG and PNG assets
Seed initial package files
