Remove usage of deprecated mozilla api
Add dlib-models to licenses.
Update openface-demo.js
fix typo in acknowledgements section
Set autoplay to muted so it works consistently.
Update classifier.py
Mention inconsistencies between the pre-trained models and the model definitions for #351 and #349
Added bounding box drawing to video capture
Add example of how to call the script to generate an annotated image
Bugfix on external class reference
Init stalebot.
add packages for 'Demo 1: Real-Time Web' to work
Add installation instructions for installation with conda
Docker config changes supporting TLS (part 2). This fixes an issue with pip and some of the dependent libraries.
Tls cert bugfix (#262)
TLS migration for demos/web (#260)
Update opencv-dlib-torch.Dockerfile (#241)
Tests: Generalize to Python 2 and 3. Run Python 2 by default.
Make OpenFace work with Python 3 (#231)
nit(README): use svg for travis status (#254)
Update README tags for CommonMark.
Use https for the model downloads.
Travis: Update models download link.
Update links to our models.
get-models: Use no-check-cert for our self-hosted models.
Travis: Use trusty dist.
Travis: Remove flake, pep, and luacheck.
Torch Neural Net: Add deconstructor back.
Replace destructor with context manager (#223)
Add @BrandonJoffe's home_surveillance project to our homepage.
Add docs to torch_neural_net.__del__
Add destructor to torch_neural_net for #194
Revert "Update tests to use numpy.testing"
Update tests to use numpy.testing
Added --multi option to infer operation to show a list of faces detected (#189)
Added further extension variation acceptance and made extensions properly case insensitive (#188)
Update sphere demo page.
webcam -> camera
Bump date.
Remove unused code.
Add sphere demo docs.
Add sphere demo gif.
sphere demo: Add link to model download.
Split exhibit images.
cls-3d -> sphere
Add data (after)lives poster.
Update exhibits.png
Add sphere demo images.
cls-3d: Bump alpha up. Add text.
Initial commit with the rest of cls-3d.py
Initial commit of projectS and projectC to cls-3d.py
Update ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
Image loading: Use 'float' instead of an undefined variable.
Update faq.
Update link to post.
Update website.
Updated to work with new openface api (#177)
Update classifier.py (#176)
Update data.py (#174)
ms-celeb-1m: Use MID for directory, imgSearchRank+faceID for name.
Add comment.
Remove comment from copied header.
ms-celeb-1m: Remove magic dependency from extraction script.
ms-celeb-1m: Add data extraction script for #170
Docs: Mention classifier_webcam and unknown person detection.
Unknown people benchmarking with lfw dataset. (#171)
Mention ASCII models in the FAQ.
Reference @davidsandberg's FaceNet TensorFlow implementation on our website.
Link to @ageitgey's blog post on our website.
Add torch_neural_net.lutorpy by Vitalius Parubochyi
Dockerfile: Link Torch binaries to /usr/local/bin for #166.
Remove unnecessary import.
Remove --version 2 from tests.
Remove align_v2.
dataset.lua: Comment out unused torch.linspace.
Use torch.range instead of torch.linspace because of rounding issues.
Bump dlib to 19.0 in Dockerfiles.
Rebase TripletEmbedding to get speedup at forward pass
Improve LFW --lfwPairs error message.
Add torch.setnumthreads(1) to openface_server.
Added Multi-GPU support #106
Correct formating by autopep8
Updated web/vendor deps
SpeedUP LFW test
Training: Correct space after device param when testing.
Training: Pass device option to batch-represent.
batch-represent: Add device option.
Add commented Avg to resnet definition.
Initial resnet model definition.
Training: Model: Use opt.imgDim.
Update citation to our tech report.
Training: Improve -data description.
Training: Add cuda device option.
Actually fix nans from #127. Error if they appear.
Training Tests: Specify -save.
Training: Only convert to cuda in cuda mode.
Resolve nan issues for #127 (hopefully)
Training: Update plot-loss to new directory structure.
Training: Add -save option. Default to a timestamp instead of numbers.
align_dlib: Add returns.
Formatting.
Add align_dlib.align for backwards compatibility.
Initial commit of VGG model definitions.
Disable cudnn by default for #127. Add warning.
Temporarily remove optimize_net for #127.
Update website to align_v1.
Add numpy.linalg as a mock module for API docs.
Added align dlib v2
Correct inception tower sizes for #142.
Training: Use ADAM instead of adadelta.
Update SP.
Update SP.
Bump scikit-learn requirements for #137.
Bump Dockerfile dependency for TDS for #132.
Revert dataset.lua for #132.
Add new TDS dependency to docs.
Add new TDS dependency to the Dockerfile.
Remove unused variables/functions to fix luacheck warnings.
Add @aaronnech's dataset.lua improvements for #132.
Docker: Bump dependency version. Remove src.
Remove OpenCV and dlib source files for #133.
Add building/pushing comment to opencv-dlib-torch.
Added ability to skip images with more than one face; fixed threshold type
Mention optnet is optional and only for DNN training.
Update setup.md
Website: Mention the parameter counts don't include batch normalization means and variances for #125.
Docs: Mention LFW overlapping name removal.
Bump matplotlib dependency for 'style'.
Model: Use opt.imgDim for retraining
Add LDA option to the classifier.
Load util before model for optimizeNet
Correct OpenCV link.
Added check if 'optnet' package is installed
X->NAME
Change variable to local
Added optnet for reducing memory consumption
Add remove-lfw-names for #116.
Add luarocks install command.
Torch dependencies: List cutorch.
opencv-dlib-torch.Dockerfile: Add gm lib for Torch.
Dockerfile: Pull from the latest torch_2016.03.19 image.
opencv-dlib-torch.Dockerfile: Add software-properties-common for apt-add-repository.
Training: Pass imgDim to batchRepresent. Add lfwDir option.
cls->clf
Add GMM option to the classification demo.
Classification Demo: Output where classifier is saved to.
Training Plotting code: Add minor gridlines.
Replace satitize by clearState()
TSNE: Update colorscheme.
batch-represent: Handle edge case when a batch contains 1 image.
Replace nn_to_cudnn by cudnn.convert #106
Training: Sample from all of a person's images.
openface_server error message: Add bash login shell note for #105.
Update classification results with OpenBLAS.
Python library: Import everything in the root openface module.
Docs: Reference prune-dataset after align-dlib.
lfw-classification: Update LFW path.
Replace nn_to_cudnn by cudnn.convert #106
Dockerfile: Update default CMD to use a Bash login shell.
Docs: Improve web demo Docker command.
docs: Add OpenBLAS execution times.
Docs: Add GenBeta link.
demos/vis-outputs: Add aligned example images, fix image.load usage, and output where the images are being saved to
Web demo: bower: Update metadata.
Update badges in README.
Training plot-loss.py: Improve triplet loss plot bounds.
DNN Training: Halve default epochSize.
plot-loss: Import sys.
Update docs on training a DNN.
DNN Training: Plot LFW accuracies for #100.
Update description of pyannote-video
NN Training: Add LFW validation for #100.
Training: Zero pad experiment work directory numbers.
Docs: Remove broken link.
VGG Download: Use all images, timeout URL requests.
VGG Dataset Script: Remove unused import.
Add git exception for download-lfw-subset.
VGG Dataset Script: Add header and except to gitignore.
Add VGG dataset download and align script.
align-dlib: Remove outdated argument.
Training: Remove test code from data loader.
Remove -testEpochSize from the training unit test.
Move old test code to attic for #99.
detect-outliers: Add --delete option.
align-dlib: Add verbose option.
Website: Link to related projects and articles.
Bump version to 0.2.1
Update acknowledgements.
Tests: Make lfwSubset assertions more informative.
Acknowledge great issue and PR templates from @rhiever, @justinabrahms, and @auremoser
Add a PR template and improve the issue template.
Classification demo: Use a linear SVM with C=1 instead of grid search.
Add ISSUE_TEMPLATE.
lfw-classification: Add largeFont option.
Docs: Link to @cowbjt's web demo fork
Update CONTRIBUTING.md
Add outlier detection util script.
Remove stderr output.
Add CONTRIBUTING.md
lfw-classification: Just use a linear SVM instead of grid search.
Update LFW plots.
Add LFW classification experiment.
nn4.small2.def: Comment out reshapes.
Add print-network-table
get-models: Change == to = to resolve #92
websocket server: Use store_true for --cuda.
lfw: classify->verify
Disable stderr piping in Torch subprocess for #87
Update copyright statement to include all models.
README: Add example directory structure.
align-dlib: Remove outdated sys.path modification.
TorchNeuralNet: Improve error message when the subprocess dies.
Remove comment from openface_server.lua.
setup.py: Bump version.
Docs: Add news.
Add more details to start-servers.sh
Docs: Phrasing.
Docs: Update index.
docs: Correct lfw command.
Update illegal instruction error note.
Update illegal instruction error note.
Docs: FAQ: Add illegal instruction error.
Correct link to LICENSE.
Bump release in README.
Remove test command from Docker example since it requires other dependencies.
Docs: Update faq.
Add 0.2.0 release notes.
Docs: Add performance to faq.
Docs: Update value.
Setup Docs: Update commands.
Training Docs: Remove discrepancies that are no longer valid.
train.lua: Pass on comments.
Add profile-pipeline.
Improve docs.
Docs: innerEyesAndBottomLip -> outerEyesAndNose
LFW: Improve error message for missing pairs.txt
LFW: Improve docs for pairs.txt
docs: Mention OSX findutils and coreutils dependencies.
Typo.
Update copyright notices.
Add note about building in an OSX Docker machine.
Minor changes to docs and README.
Tests: Tweak training params.
Training: Skip battch if nTripsFound == 0.
Docs: Update model LFW accuracies.
opencv-dlib-torch: Add torchx.
Update LFW results.
Add cuda conditionals to test.lua.
sanitize: Remove unused imports.
batch-represent tests: Reduce precision by adding atol to np.isclose.
batch-represent tests: Reduce precision.
Training: Remove unused 'fbnn' import.
batch-represent: Remove unused functions.
Update API test to latest model.
Formatting.
Change page location (sorry for 404s)
Docs: Add links to models and add performance measurements.
Use nn4.small2.v1 by default.
Dockerfile: Remove sklearn.
Finish moving content into new Dockerfile.
Add nn4.small LFW results.
Change lfw interface.
Remove unused fbnn dependency.
Add blank line.
Add opencv-dlib-torch.Dockerfile
Tests: Add more debug output for failed tests.
API Tests: Remove image norms.
Tests: Disable rgb check.
NN Tests: Use workDir for aligned images.
Tests: Use tmp directory when writing to disk.
Add checks for 'None' to resolve #25.
Add two nn4.small definitions.
lfw-subset: Wget: Use -nv.
Travis: Wget: Use -nv.
Travis: Source torch-active so 'th' is on the path for tests.
Dockerfile: Use ./luarocks since sourcing in a Dockerfile doesn't work.
Finish tensor size checks for #36.
Training: OpenFaceOptim: Correct Tensor type.
Move imgDim to models.
Dockerfile: Source torch-active for luarocks.
get-models.sh: Correct note about network traffic.
Set executable bit on run-tests.sh.
get-models: wget: Use -nv.
Tests: Add neural network training tests for #13.
Training: Add conditionals for cuda portions.
Training: Add CPU execution for tests.
Docker: Move Python dependencies to Ubuntu package binaries.
Add download-lfw-subset script.
Add batch-represent test for #13.
Dockerfile: Remove pip install numpy
Move tests to separate directory.
Add test for SVM classifier training.
Dockerfile: Install nose from apt-get.
Requirements: Add ranges.
Code Citation: Add @melgor.
Web Demo: Use outer eyes and nose.
batch-represent: Add cache option.
lfw: Output accuracy.
Training: Use e-lab's torch-toolbox sanitize.
Attempt to shorten Docker build with pre-built Python libs.
Training: Output the number of model parameters.
DNN Models: Add parameters as comment and use opt.embSize
nn4 def: Don't validate shape by default.
Training: By default use an epoch size of 500.
docs: Update title.
Correct nn4.v2 md5sum.
Update code to nn4.v2 for #55.
Rename nn4.v1 LFW experiment.
api-docs: Add SnowPlow tracker.
OpenFace Model: Use torch/nn's SpatialCrossMapLRN.
Update lfw-latest.sh.
docs: Mention that no validation images can be used.
Add @melgor's training improvements for #55
Remove SnowPlow tracker (not clear how to use with ReadTheDocs).
Add SnowPlow tracker.
Update websocket-server to latest API.
docs: Add OpenFace/FaceNet discrepancies from @melgor.
Typo.
Docs: Update TorchNeuralNet signature.
Travis: Install pep257.
Docs: Update usage example.
Docs: Update usage example.
Travis: Run pep257 to check docstrings.
Finish API changes and inline Python docs for #73.
Refactor Python interface.
api-docs: Add mock dlib module.
nn2.def: Add normalization.
nn4.def: Add reasoning behind LRN layers.
Training: Add script to run lfw evaluation on the latest model.
docs: Add warning about running the web demo on remote servers or Docker.
Travis: Add luacheck.
Add usage instructions to test.py
Add script for crontab to email broken links.
Add util script to check for broken links.
Correct links to API docs.
Link to the API documentation.
mkdocs: Link to API documentation.
API Docs: Name
Correct mock import.
Add mock to api-doc requirements.
Add blank requirements.txt for api docs.
Initial commit of Sphinx API docs.
Travis: Move docker commands.
Travis: Use flake8.
flake8 improvements.
Convert back to BGR for OpenCV write.
Classifier Demo: Take multiple images on input.
Improve web demo docs.
Web demo: Assume the HTTP and WebSocket servers are the same so the web demo works in Docker without any modifications.
Dockerfile: Make the default command start the web demo.
Travis: Attempt #2 to break long line.
Travis: Break long line.
Travis: Use a Bash login shell for Torch executables.
Add Docker automated build docs for #35.
Travis: Try to fix error by using a single line.
Travis: Pull pre-built Dockerfile.
Setup Docs: Reference tests. Correct web demo command.
Travis: Correct nosetests command.
Travis: Move docker tests to before_install.
Travis: Correct test command.
Install numpy before building OpenCV.
Dockerfile: Correct ADD and continuation lines.
Travis: Correct path to Dockerfile.
Travis: Remove nosetests.
Docs: Update docker command to root-based version.
Travis: Run tests in Docker image.
Requirements: Add nose.
tests: Use full paths.
Docker: Move back to root for context. Use context for Docker build.
Initial commit of tests for #13.
Install numpy before other pip dependencies.
Remove unused skimage dependency.
Demos: Remove sys.path appends and unused dlib imports.
System-wide install of dlib and OpenFace.
setup.py: Correct url.
Improvements to create-train-val-split.
nn4: Add LRN and remove 5x5 convolutions for #55.
Docs: Remove typo.
Real-Time Web Demo: Simplify server initialization.
Web demo: server.py -> websocket-server.py
Explictly set txaio.use_twisted.
Add port option to server.
Mention Python dependencies for training.
Link to cunn.
Remove unused cudnn dependency.
Link to NVIDIA cuDNN.
Correct cudnn package name.
Add hack for CentOS support for #66.
Add timing information to classifier.py
tsne: Print where file is saved to.
align-dlib: Check if image was correctly loaded.
Formatting.
Update docs with new align-dlib interface.
Untested improvements to create-unknown-vectors.
Update server for the slightly modified alignment API.
Update demos with results from the new models.
Add annotate-image util.
Update LFW results with changes from #50.
Mention fblualib dependency in docs.
Correct names for #50.
Update align-dlib with new alignment code for #50.
Update align-dlib with new alignment code for #50.
Remove skimage dependency for #50.
Alignment improvements for #50.
Docs: faq: Formatting.
Add improved alignment code for #50. Accuracy not yet tested.
Docs: Initial commit of FAQ.
Move repo contents from docs to README.
Docs: Link to accuracy page.
Classifier demo: Check the mode before checking classifierModel.
Docs: Setup: Add note about Docker memory.
Docs: Update links to other projects in 'accuracy'
docs: Remove semicolon from for loop for bash
Improve web demo docs.
solve the memory leak problem of web-demo
Automatically switch video feeds.
Web Demo: Show fiducial points and use tabs instead of scolling.
Add better error handling when the Torch model is passed as the classification model.
Clarify training procedure.
Docs: Tweak setup.
forwardImage: Check that the input is not None.
Add non-default test code using hard negatives.
Add link to deep funnelling.
Mention research support in the README and docs.
Add more Torch dependencies to the docs and Dockerfile for completeness.
Minor doc tweaks.
Update citation information.
Improve tsne example docs.
Docs: Mention batch-represent with the classification demo.
Docs: Better distinguish between DNN and classification models.
Add note to training new models.
Docs: Add note about only testing the web demo in Chrome/OSX.
Make suggestion 1 the default option. #48.
Docs: Training: Add note about GPU memory.
batch-represent: Set the default tensor type.
Docs: Mention how to restart training.
Training: Suggestion 2 from @melgor in #48.
Training: Handle peoplePerBatch > nClasses edge case when nDonkey != -1.
Docs: Phrasing.
Training: Add note metadata caches.
Train: Detect and correct edge case when peoplePerBatch > number of classes.
Mention #42 in the setup guide.
Improve web demo docs.
Formatting.
Remove CNAME.
Use mkdocs theme for better mobile support.
mkdocs: Correct js->javascript.
Docs: Add analytics.
Doc and README tweaks.
Docs: Add CNAME.
Ignore mkdocs' site dir.
Update docs.
Improve web demo docs.
Remove follow badge.
Web Demo: Use a non-interactive backend.
Docs: Attempt to fix images.
Formatting.
Add doc badge and fix link for #29.
Initial commit of mkdocs for #29.
Add notes about running the web demo in Docker.
Print to the browser's console on websocket error.
Expose port 9000 from the docker container.
Correct calls to image.load
Improve documentation on using Docker with the web demo.
linting errors, try #2
linting errors
fix torch error reporting
setup.py
Mention CUDA dependency in the training code for #41.
Check Lua subprocess before trying to interact with it.
Update Dockerfile reference to docker/Dockerfile
Move Dockerfile to an empty folder Clear apt cache and tmp files after package installation via apt
README: Recommend Docker and add note about python on OSX.
Training: Update for_each call to apply.
Training: Remove fbnn's Optim dependency.
README: Clarify loss plot.
Add VGG's triplet accuracy.
README: Typo.
README: Typo.
README: Formatting.
Tweak references to other open source projects for #7.
Reference other open source projects for #7.
Make debugging the Torch subprocess easier for #34.
Use a better placeholder to prevent issues like #27
Correct call to image.load for #26.
Add a few setup notes to the README.
Clarify ~/src for #27.
Add gitter badge.
Clarify structure of the raw data directory for #22.
Add note to the README about opencv/dlib on OSX for #21.
README: Add pandas python dependency.
Demo: Show that the connection is local.
Make dlib paths consistent.
Don't ignore sigint
Indicate network and disk sizes in the README and get-models.sh
Improve get-models.sh
Link to get-models.sh
README: Mention to verify the md5 checksums of the models
README: Slightly clarify for #19.
Add error handling to TorchWrap for cases like #14.
Further clarifications for #10.
Update DOI and BibTeX entry for new (minor) release.
Update badges in README.
Update badges in README.
Update CHANGELOG for 0.1.1
Update badges in README.
Correct nn1 to nn2.
Further clarifications for #10.
Further clarifications for #10.
Resolves #10.
README: Clarify instructions for the web demo.
README: Improve the instructions for setting up the web demo.
README: Link to Torch's website in the introduction.
Add script to prune directories for training.
README: Clarify that the classifier doesn't know John Lennon.
Tweak README.
Update runtimes with optimized nn.Normalize
profile-network: Default to 500 iterations.
README: Update stale values to values from the released model.
Dockerfile: Include pandas.
Update README.
Update cloc.sh
README: Formatting.
README: Formatting.
Add DOI for citations.
Add CHANGELOG.md
Add Travis badge.
Small pep8 fixes.
Add simple .travis.yml for pep8 checks.
Small pep8 fixes.
README: Add 'Visualizing layer outputs'
Update align-dlib to new interface.
Add vis-outputs demo.
Add filter outputs of Lennon.
Update README.
Reorganize sections in the README.
README: Add extra digit to AUC for consistency.
Update LFW ROC plot.
LFW: AUC: Use 3 digits.
LFW: Make reference line dotted. Slight alpha on DeepFace line.
Tweak README and get-models.
Update README.
README: Formatting.
README: Formatting.
Tweak classifier.py interface and show usage in the README.
Tweak README.
Update link to YouTube video.
Update link to YouTube video.
Add classification demo.
Add simple Torch network profiling script.
Add paths to completed models.
Link to dlib's object tracker.
README: Add note about the model.
Complete draft of README.
lfw experiment: Add argument for the pairs.txt location.
Ignore mp4 videos.
Refactor: facenet->openface.
Training: plot-loss: Show last few values.
README: Tweak build instructions.
compare.py: Bump dlib version.
Dockerfile: Initial commit.
Workaround solution for #5: Only use the largest face in the video.
Web demo: Correctly display name.
Web demo: Don't train SVM if there is only one person.
README: Add performance notes.
Tweak README.
TorchWrap: Use a random hex string in the temporary filename.
Web demo: Make the 'unknown' class optional.
Add command-line opts to the web demo.
Training: Plot: Set alpha on the test loss since it overlaps the train loss.
README: Move sections. Add screenshot and link to YouTube video.
Pass on README.
Add cloc script.
TorchWrap: Add simple function to write image to disk.
Comparison demo: Use all combinations of images.
Add example images of Lennon and Clapton.
Add t-SNE script.
Add tsne plots.
Training: Loss: log-scale y axis.
LFW: Show AUC.
Add OpenBR v1.1.0 data.
Remove NaN values from eigenfaces data.
README: typo.
Refactor: examples->demos.
Refactor: examples->demos.
Tweak README.
README: Add note. Draft of manual build instructions.
Add file comparison example.
Lua Server: Use model in evaluation mode.
Python: naive_dlib: Take full paths on input.
Python library: Kill Lua subprocess on exit.
LFW: Use 4 decimals. Rename our model.
Batch Represent: Remove unnecessary CUDA dependency.
LFW experiment: Show avg and stdev of accuracies.
Fully implement the LFW experiment.
TorchWrap/Server: Add comments linking to issues.
TorchWrap: Load model relative to file location. Remove unused parameter.
Web Demo: Use grid to train SVM. Disable training mode by default.
Pass on README.
gitignore: Web example files.
Initial commit of web demo.
TorchWrap: Add note.
Python: Return the vector rather than printing it.
Add LICENSE headers.
Initial commit of hacky Python->Lua interfacing.
Initial commit of Python alignment portions.
Models: Add license heading.
Update summary image.
Initial commit of stubbed README.
gitignore: Large model files.
Add FaceNet model definitions.
Add small dlib mean and std models.
Add dlib landmark mean image.
Add get-models script.
lfw roc: Make sure every representation exists.
Evaluation: lfw-roc: Add license heading.
gitignore: Representation directories.
Evaluation: LFW: Add ROC generation script.
Evaluation: Initial commit of openbr.DET.
gitignore: Plots and data.
Initial commit of loss plotting code from development repo.
Initial commit of training code from development repo.
Add LICENSE.
gitignore: work dirs.
batch-represent: Correctly size images.
Add batch representation code.
Add summary image.
Add torch-TripletEmbedding submodule.
