Changing Bullet to Horizontal Line
Copy edits
Add note about yarn support to docs
Add yarn.lock file
Add sourcemaps to the tmp folder
Add main.js to alternative starting point page
chore(mdl): Use MDL 1.2.1 (#891)
chore(mdl): Use MDL 1.2.1
Add node version 6 to travis.
Update npm dependencies.
Add firebase login command to deploy docs.
README: remove unused file
upgrade to mdl 1.1.3 and change locations as well (#877)
remove usage of the gulp-uncss plugin (#876)
live browser reloading on js files is missing (#867)
Remove registration.update() (#866)
Update sw-precache to latest
Update README URLs based on HTTP redirects
Use '/' in sw-precache's stripPrefix (Closes #841)
Revert "Properly return the streams from our tasks. Otherwise bad things can happen, as in:"
Properly return the streams from our tasks. Otherwise bad things can happen, as in: https://github.com/adametry/gulp-eslint/issues/36
Updated the commands doc to explain SW difference
Close #793 PR: fix small typo in the 'Configuring colors' section of mdl-sass.md.
fix typo in readme
update .travis.yml
Remove unused fs module import
Remove unused callback in del task
Replace deprecated minifiers with gulp-cssnano and gulp-htmlmin
Simplify the quickstart support list (#790)
Update browser support list (#790)
Node 0.12 it up
Minor updates to license year.
Readme: expand on docs and recipes
Docs: minor typo correction
Docs: add a file appendix.
README: add offline-support
Deploy: correct paths to docs
Add appengine deployment guide
README: Add WPT scores and minor edits.
README: Add code linting to features list.
Docs: add firebase deployment recipe
Docs: add deployment index
index.html: improve comments in markup
Bring basic.html back up to date with index.html meta tags
Add missing syntax highlighting for code blocks
Docs: MDL Sass guide - address feedback
Docs: add MDL Sass guide
Update to MDL 1.0.6
Add latest project artwork thx to Mustafa
Drop extras as no longer maintained
Drop CSS library comparison post-MDL launch
Drop sample content from meta description
Update devDependencies
ignore dist/ only in the root directory
Rework sourcemap output to fix breaking builds
Upgrade gulp-useref version and gulp task to 3.0.
Final task name
Rename eslint task and simplify metafiles
Switch over to ESLint
Add features table
Update to Material Design Lite 1.0.5
Trim app/images/icons. No longer needed (#760)
Update to babel v6 and others deps
Typos (Closes #772)
Update the commands doc to explain SWs
Implements runtime SW caching for some CDN resources (Closes #771)
Use 3000 for dev, and 3001 for dist
sw-precache 2.2.0 changes
Switch main.scss -> main.css
Drop font handling. No longer needed
Drop Roboto Condensed
Only report HTML size in HTML task
Don't report sourcemap size in styles and scripts tasks
Add feature section to readme
Minor cleanup of README
Adds optional ES2015 support (#739)
Remove `opn` from dependencies
Starter year
Move script reloading to the JSHint watch task
Update year
Remove unused gulp-replace plugin
Remove unused gulp-flatten plugin
Add opt-in ES2015 support via Babel.
Feature: enable scroll syncing when browsers are at different breakpoints
Making sure gulp-newer does not filter out SCSS files.
Small comment fix.
Add meta tag to disable tap highlight on IE8.
Switching gulp-changed to gulp-newer.
Add mention of Gulp recipes.
Add some notes about the scripts task
removed styleguide.html and added brief documention on how to choose other color schemes (Closes #736)
drop current style guide and replace with CDN version of MDL, index updated
make JSCS ignore the gulpfile as JSCS doesn't support ES2015
gulpfile - add callback to the clean task
babel was renamed to babel-core
switched from csso to clean-css
remove small redundant piece of code
Remove dynamic mapping to index.html (Closes #719)
Remove dynamic mapping to index.html
clean up fat arrow syntax a bit more
Update global gulp version in `install.md`
gulpfile.js -> gulpfile.babel.js
Small fixes to the gulpfile
ES2015ify the gulpfile
fix JSCS code style issue
Address some style issues in #697
Adding type to the manifest.json file so app install banners work
Update gulp-sass error-handling approach
Update gulp-sass to 2.0.0
Bring consistency to JS style used
Build: fix icons for gulp/gulp serve
Refresh CSS, JS, HTML build pipelines
Add gulp-concat for script concatenation
Tell useref to only reference, not anything to create, final path
index.html: tidy up comments.
Add support for Service Worker
Update dependencies
Remove unnecessary rules
Lock two deps for necessary path release (#649)
Modify comments in title-case to sentence-case
Update .travis.yml
bump deps
bump `psi`
Using `onError`callback for Sass
Revert "README: Remove trailing spaces"
README: Remove trailing spaces
Link to Sindre's npm guide
bump deps
fix invalid hamburger.svg
Don't install sass
Remove .sass-cache folder from gitignore
bump deps
Added HTML5 webapp manifest
Close #537 PR: Keep dist/.git while removing everything else..
Install docs - add tldr for quick setup
Improve and simplify install guide #526
Remove Ruby references
Renaming Apple touch icon to "apple-touch-icon". See #492
Use https where possible
Bump deps
Add back precision
Add missing space before commented out code.
gulpfile - comment out the task loading by default
bump dependencies
Update dependencies
gulpfile - add `logPrefix` to the other browserSync instance
Output some error when require-dir tasks fails
bump dependencies
gulpfile - fix indentation
bump gulp-autoprefixer
Use correct ordering in installation instructions
Update to latest gulp-cache.
Simplify server configuration - remove 'baseDir'
move `apple-touch-icon-precomposed` into `images/touch`
Revert "move `apple-touch-icon-precomposed` into `images/touch`"
code consistency
minify SVG
minify chrome-touch-icon-192x192.png
move `apple-touch-icon-precomposed` into `images/touch`
Revisions to the HTML starting point text.
Add note about basic.html and IE8
Make styling consistent with the site.
Update Android icon sizes for basic.html
Making 192x192 size chrome icon
Adds Moz equivalent for nicer font rendering.
Added link to commands in quickstart.
Added docs folder with initial files. Pulled content from readme.
Add `box-sizing` as an inherited value
add spacing to css selector
Rebase against master.
Adding the comments from master into the branch
Renaming CSS files to .scss and dropping components.css
Moving styleguide around
Improve index.html comments.
Update .jscsrc
Simplified overview section of readme
Link WSK Extras repository from the main readme file.
bump deps
For #362 - adds section on WSK & CSS libraries.
Adds JSCS configuration file.
Adjusting browser-support matrix to reflect actual support.
remove unnecessary css that was being overridden on .navdrawer-container element
fix redundant css declaration
remove repeated declaration block and unnecessary overridden css
add spacing to css declaration
fix #340
Fetch the `.htaccess` file via `npm`
remove deprecated .jshintrc props - fixes #329
minify images
update to new useref API
bump deps
Adding output css file
Adding material design color palette variables to sass
Reduce to a single S/CSS task and watcher
Update gulp-ruby-sass to 0.7.1
remove unnecessary empty line.
SASS now compiles on serve
remove duplicated line-height
Removes https by default and provides some guidance for the developer about how to enable it
Add 'auto' to the Google Analytics tracker create method.
A tickle, this should not be needed.
Adds 'https:true' to both serve task
Updating the version of browser sync
Move the `.htaccess` file into the `app` directory
Close GH-275: Adds .htaccess file.
Adds lang attribute to basic.html
Adds the lang attribute to html
bump deps
Make the footer in style guide more useful
Style formatting post font updates
#251 - it turns out I didn't check in you know, the most important files
Adding in RobotoCondensed Web fonts - #251 Adding in font files to /fonts Adding in CSS in to main.css rather than embed directly into the <head> - we can move this there later if we want. I have also changed slightly the declaration of what we serve than recomended in the bug (i.e, the Chris Coyer article), I went through how Google web fonts works and this is the recommended output that works in IE 9, 10 and above, Safari iOS 6 and above, Chrome and Firefox.  Note: we don't reference any ttf files, but I have included them
Various styling fixes
install Sass when running Travis
Close GH-242: Handling scss compilation error.
followup to 4730569239d811666227aa681fc976d2a0ff6d0a
Address feedback on #238
gulpfile - simplify error handler
gulpfile - centralize autoprefixer config
minor consistency tweak for #239
minifyHtml should only run on html files
Potential fix for #79
Improve navbar UX logic for #233
Add error handler for ruby-sass to fix #234
Index: Load google fonts in head, rather than imports.
Style guide: add recommended font loading to head.
Compiled CSS: drop Google font imports
Sass: Drop Google fonts being loaded from imports.
use #ignore-click instead of 'javascript:;'
tweak #217
gulpfile - codestyle
Adding ignore filters to uncss
Adding a link to the demonstration site #97
Removed undesirable minimal-ui in viewport
fix issue with links jumping to the top of page. use href='javascript:;' instead of '#'.
Added gulp task to copy files from app to dist
Updates devDependencies to latest stable backwards-compatible versions.
Preserve JavaScript license comment
Rebase and bring in #145 (h/t @stephenplusplus)
followup to #201
Allow gulp task list to be extended. As a starter kit, we want users to be able to customize. As a source-based distribution we want users to stay updated. By allowing users to customize web-starter-kit gulp without editing gulpfile.js, they can rebase or merge future updates.
Remove reload from the images task
typo fix
Handle error event generated by jshint fail reporter
readme - link to latest release
Removed reference to BrowserSync running instance
Inject CSS styles
Give serve preference to files in .tmp
gulpfile - don't need `init` anymore
Don't optimize images on serve
Strip unnecessary link in styleguide
Move demo gray to sass utils
Bump gulp-cache to 0.2
Strip unnecessary font-family rule
Tweak to basic grammar
Grammar tweaks to index
Update pseudo-elements to double-colon syntax
Update gitignore
revert manifest.webapp version change in #85
Close GH-85: A bunch of (smaller) changes….
update indent value of jshint config and follow style rule.
Targeting *:before and *:after for box sizing
readme - remove features text
Adds missing closing section tag around highlights.
Move `Contributing` guide to a CONTRIBUTIN.md file
readme - link download to releases page and not a specific release
fixes #132 - style configuration.
simplify clean task with `del`
Adds .travis.yml to files to remove for the 'boilerplate-only option'.
Include test asserting all generated build changes are commited.
Adds newline to components.css.
Adds `npm test` and travis.yml
Removed margin top to fix article count appearance
Update main.css
Uses document.querySelector directly, rather than wrapping it.
Reindents main.js using two spaces.
Format .jshintrc in the same style as the code.
Remove `404.html`
Update editorconfig
Size improvement to repeated qSA & dropping touch start
X-UA-Compatible meta tag missing on some HTML pages
ontouchstart => touchstart
prettify the readme with some graphics
styleguide js - remove unused var and don't redefine var
styleguide js codestyle
minor tweaks
404.html - drop IE comment
reorder some head tags for consistent grouping
consistent indentation in the styleguide
convert to 2 space indentation
Update BrowserSync version to 1.0.0
Set web-app-title for index.html
enable iOS homescreen meta tags by default #102
WOFF2 support
Close GH-80: avoid gulp.start().
Update .editorconfig
Update _list.scss
Bump PSI for PageSpeed to 0.0.4
Add default directive to top-level SASS variable definitions.
Mark package as private
Expand contribution section to cover the site
Comments for components.scss
Update _normalize.scss | remove deprecated hgroup
Remove license info from `404.html`
styleguide - grammar
Style guide: remove unnecessary meta prop
Style guide: improve image alt tags
Update components.css
Update `robots.txt` file
Change whitespace in styleguide JS
readme - fix blackberry version - fixes #76
Update README.md
sync basic.html with index.html
Update download link, link to BrowserSync.
README tweaks.
Update README.md
Add FAQs mention to inspiration
gulpfile - semicolon
Further revisions to the readme
ALARM!ALARM! rogue space.
Drop capturing in the styleguide JS
Minor formatting tweak
Minor changes to toggling
Add support for toggling snippets - fixes #42
Add note on how to opt out of tooling
Expand on UnCSS comments
Further readme improvements
Improvements to the readme
Remove alt-layout - basic and index are sufficient
Comment-up the Gulpfile
sync readme `gulp watch` => `gulp serve`
formatty things.
Inline JS for style-guide. Unlikely to be changed.
Remove unnecessary debug reference
rename title for styles:components task.
Rig up the gulpfile.
Update index.html
use a .tmp folder for sass styles.
autoprefixr back on for app. it had something to say about our current css files.
fixes #71 - restructure style task.
For #60 - add correct docs link for canonical
mobile-web-app-capable as a default
Remove Article microdata
Revise styles.scss, styles.css > components
Add typography fix for fonts
Update second line to H2, add style guide to nav
Update README.md
Tweak gulp build comment.
Improve Gulp installation instructions.
Further improve installation instructions.
Add Node installation instructions.
Add Ruby installation note
Add troubleshooting section.
Revise tooling instructions.
Hide the h4 the right way.
Remove extra padding under nav links.
remove min-height for larger devices.
Only show `h4` when nav drawer is open.
Continuing fixes for #65 + niceties.
Add initial UX suggestion for body.click > hide menu
First fixes for #65 - zindex, overflow, min-height
Add link to getting started, style guide
`to to` -> `to do`
Grammar tweaks.
For #5 - add browser support list
Add contribution guide section
Readme revisions
Remove CC headers from style guide
Remove CC headers from Sass
Drop CC headers from CSS
Remove CC from additional layouts
Remove CC from main index
Add CC block to end of license file 1/2
Add built with comment to let us discover projects using wsk
Remove block for preventing link opens in mobile safari
Remove disable tap highlight
Clean up markup (re #60)
minify hamburger icon
Add download link to get the zip archive of the kit.
Readme tweaks.
Add black hamburger menu icon.
Improve colour palette used, font-sizes on multi devices.
Adding JS to auto-generate code smaples in the style quide
Addressing HTML minifier feedback
Adds alternative html minification for #54
Minor tweaks for IE 10
Meta tag correction.
minify images
consistency tweaks
gulpfile - make livereload on vanilla CSS files instantaneous
Add project meta tag
Close GH-47: Adds support for UnCSS..
Altering styles and removing the search fields
gulpfile - turn off lr notification in the browser when loaded
Clean-up of visual style guide
gulpfile - no longer needs to change cwd
Bump to latest version of PSI
Update PageSpeed task now that nokey is default
Add copyright headers as requested.
bump deps
gulpfile - don't need `size` in `jshint` task
gulpfile - tweak pageres task
gulpfile - add titles to the size plugin
gulpfile - be explicit about supporting arrays in `watch`
gulpfile - remove `fonts` task
gulpfile - use rimraf instead of gulp-clean
gulpfile - various tweaks
gulpfile - switch to gulp-if for more succinct syntax
Dont return on pagespeed
Title case for web starter kit
readme - add license mention
better fix for #36
Switch to PSI for pagespeed reporting
Adds inspiration section
Add requirements to readme
fix running server from subfolders - fixes #36
index.html - minor tweaks
fix naming so gulp builds correctly
bump deps
gulpfile - let gulp know when we're done
readme - add gulp install step and slightly tweak it
Adding favicon.ico
Switching out the favicons - still needs a favicon.ico. Also added comments to the fav icon groups and moved chrome add to homescreen fav icon to the bottom, otherwise it doesn't work
Readme revisions.
Update license to Apache 2.
Swapping out the hamburger and search icons. Also made the index page fit slightly more closely with the styleguide
Remove some unused sass
Shouldn't need to be root to npm install
scripts -> jshint, add to build process, expand watch.
Add comments to compiled style-guide styles.
Adds main.css
Add back compiled styles file (do not remove)
main.css > h5bp.css to be more clear
Minor styleguide cleanup
Add missing useref blocks for main index layout
Add missing blocks for basic layout
Add missing use ref blocks for alternative layout
Remove Web Fundamentals headers
Add missing icon resources and placeholder graphics
Ignore any .tmp files
Readme revisions.
Remove samples, replace with alt-layout.html
readme - syntax highlighting
readme - drop sudo
Add quick start information.
Replace with app layout
Revise slide out menu
Revise styles to app layout
Add hamburger and search icons
fix some small formatting issues.
Consistency between HTML and manifest attributes
Provide a sample hosted URL
minor tweaks in gulpfile and readme
Revise wording on PageSpeed score for #17
code style tweaks, gulpfile improvements and remove unused deps
add meta files to enforce code style
Sushi -> Web Starter Kit
Reformat main.js
Add a basic index.html
Remove Todo on PageSpeed integration.
Index: correct path to new styles, remove intro about PL.
Adds static style-guide, cleaned up from Web Fundamentals.
Introduce Sass styles from Web Fundamentals.
Remove current main.scss
Gulp: correct paths for Sass styles, icons and fonts.
Remove PatternLab from the project
Adds a cleaner version of samples
Change dependency name browsersync -> browser-sync
Close GH-13: Add PageSpeed task. Closes #12.
Minor revisions to contains list.
Close GH-10: Add initial BrowserSync support.
bump deps
Move the README back out.
Introduce file renames. Minor restructuring.
Add Gulpfile.
Adds PatternLab.
Drop Pure for now.
Add initial (Pure-based) style guide
Adding in some overview information.
Add contents to readme.
Add side-bar sample.
Drop normalize reference.
Include PureCSS
Drop normalize as Pure includes it in the default build.
humans.txt - drop jQuery and Modernizr references.
Drop startup directory
Drop crossdomain.xml
Trim down the readme for now.
Drop extraneous scripts.
Drop jQuery
Drop Modernizr
Add initial H5BP mobile boilerplate
Initial commit
